DSpot encountered 202 error(s) during amplification.
Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:96)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 40 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:96)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 40 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:96)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 40 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:96)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 40 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:96)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 40 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:96)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 40 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:96)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 40 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:96)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 40 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:96)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 40 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:96)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 40 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:96)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 40 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:96)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 40 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:96)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 40 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:96)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 40 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:96)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 40 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:96)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 40 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:96)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 40 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:96)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 40 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:96)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 40 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:96)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 40 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:96)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 40 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:96)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 40 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:96)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 40 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:96)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 40 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at spoon.support.compiler.jdt.JDTTreeBuilder.visit(JDTTreeBuilder.java:960)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.compiler.ast.ArrayQualifiedTypeReference.traverse(ArrayQualifiedTypeReference.java:157)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.compiler.ast.LocalDeclaration.traverse(LocalDeclaration.java:471)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.compiler.ast.MethodDeclaration.traverse(MethodDeclaration.java:365)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.compiler.ast.TypeDeclaration.traverse(TypeDeclaration.java:1470)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.compiler.ast.QualifiedAllocationExpression.traverse(QualifiedAllocationExpression.java:689)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.compiler.ast.LocalDeclaration.traverse(LocalDeclaration.java:473)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.compiler.ast.MethodDeclaration.traverse(MethodDeclaration.java:365)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.compiler.ast.TypeDeclaration.traverse(TypeDeclaration.java:1414)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.compiler.ast.CompilationUnitDeclaration.traverse(CompilationUnitDeclaration.java:816)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.compiler.ast.CompilationUnitDeclaration.traverse(CompilationUnitDeclaration.java:777)
	at spoon.support.compiler.jdt.JDTBasedSpoonCompiler.lambda$buildModel$0(JDTBasedSpoonCompiler.java:433)
	at spoon.support.compiler.jdt.JDTBasedSpoonCompiler.forEachCompilationUnit(JDTBasedSpoonCompiler.java:457)
	at spoon.support.compiler.jdt.JDTBasedSpoonCompiler.buildModel(JDTBasedSpoonCompiler.java:431)
	at spoon.support.compiler.jdt.JDTBasedSpoonCompiler.buildUnitsAndModel(JDTBasedSpoonCompiler.java:375)
	at spoon.support.compiler.jdt.JDTBasedSpoonCompiler.buildSources(JDTBasedSpoonCompiler.java:340)
	at spoon.support.compiler.jdt.JDTBasedSpoonCompiler.build(JDTBasedSpoonCompiler.java:123)
	at spoon.support.compiler.jdt.JDTBasedSpoonCompiler.build(JDTBasedSpoonCompiler.java:106)
	at spoon.Launcher.buildModel(Launcher.java:772)
	at eu.stamp_project.utils.compilation.TestCompiler.getNewModelCtClass(TestCompiler.java:200)
	at eu.stamp_project.utils.compilation.TestCompiler.compileAndDiscardUncompilableMethods(TestCompiler.java:152)
	at eu.stamp_project.utils.compilation.TestCompiler.compileAndDiscardUncompilableMethods(TestCompiler.java:120)
	at eu.stamp_project.utils.compilation.TestCompiler.compileAndRun(TestCompiler.java:93)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:105)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:96)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 40 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:96)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 40 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:96)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 40 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:96)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 40 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:96)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 40 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:96)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 40 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:96)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 40 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:96)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 40 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:96)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 40 more

Something bad happened during assertion amplification
java.lang.RuntimeException: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:254)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.getObservations(ObjectLog.java:216)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.MethodsAssertGenerator.addAssertions(MethodsAssertGenerator.java:125)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.innerAssertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:132)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.assertgenerator.AssertGenerator.assertionAmplification(AssertGenerator.java:72)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.assertionsAmplification(Amplification.java:187)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:164)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.Amplification.amplification(Amplification.java:115)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot._amplify(DSpot.java:273)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.lambda$amplifyTestClassesTestMethods$5(DSpot.java:254)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline$3$1.accept(ReferencePipeline.java:193)
	at java.util.ArrayList$ArrayListSpliterator.forEachRemaining(ArrayList.java:1374)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:481)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:471)
	at java.util.stream.ReduceOps$ReduceOp.evaluateSequential(ReduceOps.java:708)
	at java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.collect(ReferencePipeline.java:499)
	at eu.stamp_project.dspot.DSpot.amplifyTestClassesTestMethods(DSpot.java:255)
	at eu.stamp_project.Main.run(Main.java:65)
	at eu.stamp_project.DSpotMojo.execute(DSpotMojo.java:306)
	at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultBuildPluginManager.executeMojo(DefaultBuildPluginManager.java:137)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:154)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.MojoExecutor.execute(MojoExecutor.java:146)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:117)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleModuleBuilder.buildProject(LifecycleModuleBuilder.java:81)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.builder.singlethreaded.SingleThreadedBuilder.build(SingleThreadedBuilder.java:56)
	at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.execute(LifecycleStarter.java:128)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:305)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:192)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:105)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:954)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:288)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:289)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:229)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:415)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:356)
Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: target/dspot/observations.ser (No such file or directory)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open0(Native Method)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.open(FileInputStream.java:195)
	at java.io.FileInputStream.<init>(FileInputStream.java:138)
	at eu.stamp_project.compare.ObjectLog.load(ObjectLog.java:246)
	... 41 more
