6 amplified test fails on the new versions.
testGetFreeSpaceWindows_String_InvalidTextResponse_literalMutationString621_failAssert0(org.apache.commons.io.FileSystemUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetFreeSpaceWindows_String_EmptyResponse_literalMutationString1779_failAssert0(org.apache.commons.io.FileSystemUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetFreeSpaceWindows_String_EmptyMultiLineResponse_literalMutationString1614_failAssert0(org.apache.commons.io.FileSystemUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetFreeSpaceWindows_String_EmptyPath_literalMutationString1061(org.apache.commons.io.FileSystemUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetFreeSpaceWindows_String_NoSuchDirectoryResponse_literalMutationString1688_failAssert0(org.apache.commons.io.FileSystemUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetFreeSpaceWindows_String_ParseCommaFormatBytes_literalMutationString383(org.apache.commons.io.FileSystemUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use itjava.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:244)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FileSystemUtils.freeSpaceWindows(FileSystemUtils.java:289)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FileSystemUtilsTestCase.testGetFreeSpaceWindows_String_InvalidTextResponse_literalMutationString621_failAssert0(FileSystemUtilsTestCase.java:243)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:244)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FileSystemUtils.freeSpaceWindows(FileSystemUtils.java:289)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FileSystemUtilsTestCase.testGetFreeSpaceWindows_String_EmptyResponse_literalMutationString1779_failAssert0(FileSystemUtilsTestCase.java:40)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:244)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FileSystemUtils.freeSpaceWindows(FileSystemUtils.java:289)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FileSystemUtilsTestCase.testGetFreeSpaceWindows_String_EmptyMultiLineResponse_literalMutationString1614_failAssert0(FileSystemUtilsTestCase.java:112)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:244)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FileSystemUtils.freeSpaceWindows(FileSystemUtils.java:289)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FileSystemUtilsTestCase.testGetFreeSpaceWindows_String_EmptyPath_literalMutationString1061(FileSystemUtilsTestCase.java:358)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:244)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FileSystemUtils.freeSpaceWindows(FileSystemUtils.java:289)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FileSystemUtilsTestCase.testGetFreeSpaceWindows_String_NoSuchDirectoryResponse_literalMutationString1688_failAssert0(FileSystemUtilsTestCase.java:99)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:244)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FileSystemUtils.freeSpaceWindows(FileSystemUtils.java:289)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FileSystemUtilsTestCase.testGetFreeSpaceWindows_String_ParseCommaFormatBytes_literalMutationString383(FileSystemUtilsTestCase.java:275)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)

458 amplified test fails on the new versions.
testEqualsNormalizedOnSystem_literalMutationString1632(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_add4969(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_add4968(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_add4967(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testConcat_literalMutationString826(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString80(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString83(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5204(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEqualsNormalizedOnSystem_literalMutationString1637(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5205(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString77(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testNormalizeUnixWin_literalMutationString4789(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEqualsNormalizedOnSystem_literalMutationString1643(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4257(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testConcat_literalMutationString838(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4254(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5345(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4253(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5346(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4256(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5347(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5298(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4255(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5348(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5299(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4250(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5296(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5297(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4252(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5294(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString70(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4251(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5295(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5292(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5293(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5290(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5291(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testNormalizeUnixWin_literalMutationString4795(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString67(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5341(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5342(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5343(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5344(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5340(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4247(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4590(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5338(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEqualsNormalizedOnSystem_literalMutationString1610(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4246(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5339(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4249(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4248(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4243(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4594(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5334(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4242(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4593(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5335(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4245(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4592(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5336(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4244(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4591(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5337(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4598(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4597(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEqualsNormalizedOnSystem_literalMutationString1619(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4241(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4596(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4240(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEqualsNormalizedOnSystem_literalMutationString1613(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString99(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_add4603(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_add4604(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_add4605(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_add4606(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_add4607(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_add4608(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5330(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5331(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5332(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5333(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4239(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_add4601(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_add4602(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4236(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5327(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4235(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5328(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4238(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5329(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4237(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4232(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5323(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4231(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5324(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4234(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5325(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4233(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5326(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString93(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4230(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testConcat_literalMutationString732(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEqualsNormalizedOnSystem_literalMutationString1625(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString88(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString87(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5320(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5321(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5322(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4229(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4572(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4571(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4570(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4576(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4575(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4574(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4965(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4573(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5246(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4579(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4960(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testNormalizeNoEndSeparatorUnixWin_literalMutationString536(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4578(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4961(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4577(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4962(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5129(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testNormalizeNoEndSeparatorUnixWin_literalMutationString544(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4956(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4957(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4958(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4959(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5242(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testNormalize(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4583(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4582(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4581(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4580(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4587(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4952(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testConcat_literalMutationString750(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4586(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4953(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4585(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4954(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5234(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4584(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4955(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4589(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4950(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4588(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4951(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4949(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString151(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4945(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4946(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4947(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4948(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testConcat_literalMutationString769(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEqualsNormalizedOnSystem_literalMutationString1655(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEqualsNormalizedOnSystem_literalMutationString1650(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString144(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4941(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString145(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4942(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4943(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4944(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString148(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString149(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString146(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testConcat_literalMutationString762(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5227(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4940(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4938(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4939(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4559(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4934(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4935(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4936(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4937(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEqualsNormalizedError_IO_128_literalMutationString5657_failAssert0(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5218(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5219(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString139(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4561(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4560(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString4(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString9(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4565(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4564(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4931(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5211(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4563(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4932(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5212(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4562(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4933(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4569(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5214(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString138(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4568(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testConcat_literalMutationString894(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4567(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5216(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4566(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEqualsNormalizedError_IO_128_literalMutationString5651_failAssert0(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5167(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5168(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4114(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5161(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5162(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5164(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5286(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull199(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull198(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull195(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull194(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull197(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull196(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5157(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5158(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4100(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5159(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4101(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5154(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull191(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull193(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull192(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5144(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5268(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5149(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testNormalizeNoEndSeparatorUnixWin_literalMutationString522(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString13(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5261(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString14(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5254(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testNormalizeNoEndSeparatorUnixWin_literalMutationString529(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4120(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4121(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5257(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4122(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEquals_fullControl_literalMutationString3826(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4116(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add190(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEquals_fullControl_literalMutationString3820(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5130(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7193(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetNamenull4974(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetNamenull4975(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetNamenull4976(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetNamenull4977(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetNamenull4978(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEqualsNormalized_literalMutationString1335(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEqualsNormalized_literalMutationString1330(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEquals_fullControl_literalMutationString3813(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString34(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString38(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEqualsNormalized_literalMutationString1323(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5199(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEquals_fullControl_literalMutationString3800(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEquals_fullControl_literalMutationString3807(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString31(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5193(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5194(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString28(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString27(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5190(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEqualsNormalized_literalMutationString1311(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5188(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEqualsNormalized_literalMutationString1317(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5180(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5182(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString56(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5185(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testConcat_literalMutationString808(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEqualsNormalized_literalMutationString1300(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString51(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEqualsNormalized_literalMutationString1305(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString44(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString46(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4191(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4194(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4076(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4060(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4183(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4063(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4186(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4188(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4068(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4069(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4090(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4094(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4095(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEquals_fullControl_literalMutationString3794(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull210(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull212(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull211(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4083(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull218(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull217(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEquals_fullControl_literalMutationString3789(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull219(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4088(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull214(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull213(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull216(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull215(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEquals_fullControl_literalMutationString3781(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4213(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5304(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4212(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5305(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4211(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5302(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4210(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5303(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5300(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5301(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4153(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4219(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4218(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4217(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4156(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4216(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4157(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4215(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4214(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add180(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add181(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add184(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add185(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add182(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add183(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7181(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add188(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add189(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEqualsNormalized_literalMutationString1293(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add186(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add187(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEqualsNormalized_literalMutationString1290(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5308(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5309(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7187(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5306(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5307(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4202(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4201(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4200(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEqualsNormalized_literalMutationString1287(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4140(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4209(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4142(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4208(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4207(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4206(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4205(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4146(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4204(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4203(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add170(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add173(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add174(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add171(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add172(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add177(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add178(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add175(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add176(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7175(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add179(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7169(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4050(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4173(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4054(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4176(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4059(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add162(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add163(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add160(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add161(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add166(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add167(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add164(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add165(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7163(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add168(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add169(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4224(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5315(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4223(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5316(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4222(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5313(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4221(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5314(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4220(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5311(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5312(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5310(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4162(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4164(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4166(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4228(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4167(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4227(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4047(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4226(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4225(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5319(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5317(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5318(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString121(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString126(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString118(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString112(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString115(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString113(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testNormalizeUnixWin_literalMutationString4809(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString100(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString102(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testConcat_literalMutationString690(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testNormalizeUnixWin_literalMutationString4802(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7223(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull201(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull200(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7229(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull207(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull206(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull209(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull208(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull203(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull202(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull205(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull204(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7217(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEqualsNormalizedOnSystem_literalMutationString1607(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7211(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4199(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4198(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5289(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7205(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseNamenull4613(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseNamenull4614(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseNamenull4611(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseNamenull4612(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseNamenull4610(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7200(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_add4973(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_add4972(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_add4971(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_add4970(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseNamenull4609(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4600(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use itjava.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1162)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalizedOnSystem(FilenameUtils.java:1139)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalizedOnSystem_literalMutationString1632(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1870)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_add4969(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:772)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_add4968(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:824)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_add4967(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:798)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.concat(FilenameUtils.java:503)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testConcat_literalMutationString826(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1890)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString80(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6836)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString83(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7075)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5204(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3585)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1161)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalizedOnSystem(FilenameUtils.java:1139)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalizedOnSystem_literalMutationString1637(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:626)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5205(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6572)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString77(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6995)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:244)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testNormalizeUnixWin_literalMutationString4789(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:208)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1162)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalizedOnSystem(FilenameUtils.java:1139)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalizedOnSystem_literalMutationString1643(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:964)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4257(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1079)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.concat(FilenameUtils.java:503)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testConcat_literalMutationString838(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5889)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4254(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:621)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5345(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:94)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4253(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:850)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5346(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:783)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4256(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1231)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5347(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1619)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5298(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4197)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4255(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1002)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5348(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5820)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5299(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5435)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4250(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5884)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5296(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4815)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5297(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4043)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4252(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1684)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5294(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4506)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString70(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3450)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4251(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6111)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5295(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3966)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5292(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5049)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5293(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5126)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5290(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7029)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5291(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7107)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:244)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testNormalizeUnixWin_literalMutationString4795(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:323)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString67(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7157)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5341(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:859)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5342(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1848)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5343(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1010)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5344(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1317)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5340(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:629)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4247(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:697)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4590(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:418)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5338(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1085)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1162)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalizedOnSystem(FilenameUtils.java:1139)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalizedOnSystem_literalMutationString1610(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:724)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4246(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:926)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5339(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:935)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4249(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6035)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4248(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1909)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4243(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:318)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4594(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:290)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5334(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6047)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4242(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1533)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4593(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1198)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5335(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6122)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4245(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1382)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4592(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1432)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5336(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1543)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4244(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1834)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4591(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:602)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5337(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5972)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4598(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:472)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4597(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:550)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1162)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalizedOnSystem(FilenameUtils.java:1139)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalizedOnSystem_literalMutationString1619(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:804)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4241(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5960)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4596(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1380)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4240(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:545)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1161)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalizedOnSystem(FilenameUtils.java:1139)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalizedOnSystem_literalMutationString1613(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1738)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString99(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4100)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_add4603(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:948)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_add4604(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:890)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_add4605(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1035)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_add4606(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1006)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_add4607(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:919)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_add4608(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:975)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5330(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1162)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5331(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1240)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5332(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1926)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5333(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1468)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4239(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:93)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_add4601(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1064)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_add4602(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1093)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4236(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:168)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5327(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:402)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4235(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:243)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5328(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:172)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4238(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1307)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5329(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:706)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4237(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1155)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4232(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1457)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5323(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5896)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4231(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1759)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5324(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1696)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4234(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:394)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5325(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:249)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4233(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:773)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5326(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:478)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString93(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3857)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4230(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5809)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.concat(FilenameUtils.java:505)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testConcat_literalMutationString732(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2896)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1161)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalizedOnSystem(FilenameUtils.java:1139)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalizedOnSystem_literalMutationString1625(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2000)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString88(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2305)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString87(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7239)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5320(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1393)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5321(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1772)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5322(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:325)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4229(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:470)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4572(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1294)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4571(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:238)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4570(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:810)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4576(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:862)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4575(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1510)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4574(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1484)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4965(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:284)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4573(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1146)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5246(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7415)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4579(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:732)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4960(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1159)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalizeNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:338)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testNormalizeNoEndSeparatorUnixWin_literalMutationString536(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:418)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4578(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:706)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4961(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:330)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4577(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1276)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4962(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:701)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5129(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6497)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalizeNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:338)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testNormalizeNoEndSeparatorUnixWin_literalMutationString544(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:342)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4956(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1182)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4957(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:950)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4958(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:215)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4959(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:422)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5242(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2378)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testNormalize(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:333)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4583(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:498)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4582(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:264)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4581(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1120)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4580(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1452)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4587(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:680)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4952(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:445)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.concat(FilenameUtils.java:505)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testConcat_literalMutationString750(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3376)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4586(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1406)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4953(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:399)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4585(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:394)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4954(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1113)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5234(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3737)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4584(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1532)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4955(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1136)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4589(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1224)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4950(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1086)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4588(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:446)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4951(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1021)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4949(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:353)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString151(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7977)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4945(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:678)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4946(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:724)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4947(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:261)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4948(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:747)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.concat(FilenameUtils.java:505)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testConcat_literalMutationString769(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6011)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1162)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalizedOnSystem(FilenameUtils.java:1139)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalizedOnSystem_literalMutationString1655(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1510)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1161)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalizedOnSystem(FilenameUtils.java:1139)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalizedOnSystem_literalMutationString1650(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1484)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString144(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6916)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4941(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:560)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString145(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3938)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4942(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:514)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4943(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:629)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4944(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:301)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString148(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3614)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString149(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:8222)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString146(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2386)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.concat(FilenameUtils.java:503)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testConcat_literalMutationString762(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2148)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5227(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3812)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4940(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1067)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4938(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:606)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4939(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:460)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4559(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:654)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4934(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:537)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4935(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:583)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4936(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4937(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1044)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1162)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalizedOnSystem(FilenameUtils.java:1139)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalizedError_IO_128_literalMutationString5657_failAssert0(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:384)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5218(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7641)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5219(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2302)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString139(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3125)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4561(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1328)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4560(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:746)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString4(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6757)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString9(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2797)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4565(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:576)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4564(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1354)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4931(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:238)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5211(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2681)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4563(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:342)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4932(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:965)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5212(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3435)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4562(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:316)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4933(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:376)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4569(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:368)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5214(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3510)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString138(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7897)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4568(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:524)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.concat(FilenameUtils.java:503)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testConcat_literalMutationString894(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3064)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4567(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1172)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5216(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2454)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4566(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1240)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1161)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalizedOnSystem(FilenameUtils.java:1139)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalizedError_IO_128_literalMutationString5651_failAssert0(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:350)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5167(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3285)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5168(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6647)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4114(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2590)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5161(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3059)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5162(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3661)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5164(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3360)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5286(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2227)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull199(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:264)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull198(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1328)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull195(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6269)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull194(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:840)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull197(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1979)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull196(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:431)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5157(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2908)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5158(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3209)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4100(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1984)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5159(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2832)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4101(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2891)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5154(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6722)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull191(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:182)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull193(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:347)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull192(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:98)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5144(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2077)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5268(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2757)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5149(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3133)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalizeNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:338)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testNormalizeNoEndSeparatorUnixWin_literalMutationString522(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:86)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString13(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3369)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5261(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6198)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString14(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2716)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5254(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7262)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalizeNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:338)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testNormalizeNoEndSeparatorUnixWin_literalMutationString529(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:263)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4120(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3425)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4121(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7632)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5257(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6274)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4122(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2134)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1162)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEquals_fullControl_literalMutationString3826(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:454)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4116(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7329)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add190(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4765)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1161)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEquals_fullControl_literalMutationString3820(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:286)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5130(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2002)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.removeExtension(FilenameUtils.java:1068)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7193(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2515)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetNamenull4974(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:77)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetNamenull4975(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:123)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetNamenull4976(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:146)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetNamenull4977(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:54)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetNamenull4978(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:169)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1162)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalized(FilenameUtils.java:1122)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalized_literalMutationString1335(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1770)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1161)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalized(FilenameUtils.java:1122)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalized_literalMutationString1330(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1432)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1162)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEquals_fullControl_literalMutationString3813(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:228)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString34(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3776)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString38(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3695)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1162)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalized(FilenameUtils.java:1122)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalized_literalMutationString1323(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:366)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5199(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2604)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1162)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEquals_fullControl_literalMutationString3800(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:310)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1161)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEquals_fullControl_literalMutationString3807(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:618)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString31(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2143)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5193(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7566)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5194(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7491)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString28(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7818)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString27(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4019)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5190(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6348)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1162)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalized(FilenameUtils.java:1122)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalized_literalMutationString1311(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:546)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5188(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2529)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1161)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalized(FilenameUtils.java:1122)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalized_literalMutationString1317(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1508)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5180(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2152)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5182(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2984)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString56(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2634)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5185(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6422)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.concat(FilenameUtils.java:503)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testConcat_literalMutationString808(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2980)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1162)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalized(FilenameUtils.java:1122)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalized_literalMutationString1300(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1374)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString51(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2468)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1161)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalized(FilenameUtils.java:1122)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalized_literalMutationString1305(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1896)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString44(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3288)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString46(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6676)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4191(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2666)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4194(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3728)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4076(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2438)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1143)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4060(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3502)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4183(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3578)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4063(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3196)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4186(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7405)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4188(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2210)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4068(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6715)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4069(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3347)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4090(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2816)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4094(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3271)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4095(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7481)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1161)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEquals_fullControl_literalMutationString3794(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:408)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull210(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1739)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull212(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1165)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull211(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:923)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4083(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3043)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull218(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1005)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull217(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1084)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1162)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEquals_fullControl_literalMutationString3789(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:490)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull219(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1898)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4088(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3653)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull214(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1574)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull213(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1657)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull216(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:758)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull215(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6516)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1161)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEquals_fullControl_literalMutationString3781(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:684)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4213(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5193)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5304(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7185)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4212(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4727)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5305(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4429)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4211(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5115)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5302(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4893)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4210(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4881)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5303(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4971)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5300(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3889)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5301(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4737)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4153(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2967)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4219(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7026)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4218(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5271)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4217(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4959)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4156(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3120)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4216(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4417)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4157(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6490)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4215(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6792)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4214(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3879)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add180(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5521)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add181(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7403)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add184(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5936)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add185(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5354)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add182(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6102)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add183(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7569)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.removeExtension(FilenameUtils.java:1068)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7181(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3065)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add188(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5187)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add189(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5437)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1161)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalized(FilenameUtils.java:1122)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalized_literalMutationString1293(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1816)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add186(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5019)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add187(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4935)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1162)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalized(FilenameUtils.java:1122)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalized_literalMutationString1290(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:672)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5308(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5281)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5309(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6875)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.removeExtension(FilenameUtils.java:1068)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7187(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:878)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5306(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4351)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5307(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5203)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4202(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5426)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4201(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5037)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4200(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4033)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1161)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalized(FilenameUtils.java:1122)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalized_literalMutationString1287(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:412)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4140(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6264)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4209(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4571)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4142(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2059)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4208(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5349)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4207(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6870)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4206(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4111)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4205(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6948)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4146(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3802)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4204(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4494)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4203(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4340)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add170(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7736)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add173(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7321)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add174(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4684)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add171(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5854)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add172(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5772)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add177(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5689)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add178(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4433)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add175(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4182)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add176(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4265)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.removeExtension(FilenameUtils.java:1068)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7175(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:840)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add179(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4349)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.removeExtension(FilenameUtils.java:1068)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7169(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3267)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4050(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6339)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4173(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6640)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4054(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6414)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4176(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2513)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4059(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7556)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add162(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6185)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add163(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4601)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add160(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4851)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add161(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6019)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add166(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5271)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add167(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7652)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add164(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4517)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add165(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7486)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.removeExtension(FilenameUtils.java:1068)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7163(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1076)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add168(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5605)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add169(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5103)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4224(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7179)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5315(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6798)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4223(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7103)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5316(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4274)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4222(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4649)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5313(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5665)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4221(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4264)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5314(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5358)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4220(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4188)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5311(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5588)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5312(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5512)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5310(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5743)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4162(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2286)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4164(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2362)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4166(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6188)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4228(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5733)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4167(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7254)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4227(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3956)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4047(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2741)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4226(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4804)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4225(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5658)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5319(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4581)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5317(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6952)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5318(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4120)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString121(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:8059)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString126(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3045)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString118(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3532)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString112(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2962)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString115(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2224)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString113(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2551)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:244)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testNormalizeUnixWin_literalMutationString4809(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:242)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString100(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3206)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1051)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString102(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2879)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.concat(FilenameUtils.java:505)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testConcat_literalMutationString690(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2746)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:244)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testNormalizeUnixWin_literalMutationString4802(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:260)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1168)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.removeExtension(FilenameUtils.java:1068)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7223(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1838)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:898)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull201(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:514)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull200(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1247)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.removeExtension(FilenameUtils.java:1068)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7229(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2456)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull207(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6596)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull206(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1818)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull209(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:596)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull208(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1492)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull203(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:678)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull202(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6352)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull205(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1410)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull204(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2061)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.removeExtension(FilenameUtils.java:1068)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7217(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2006)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1161)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalizedOnSystem(FilenameUtils.java:1139)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalizedOnSystem_literalMutationString1607(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:932)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:976)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.removeExtension(FilenameUtils.java:1068)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7211(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:744)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4199(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5581)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4198(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5503)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5289(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4659)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.removeExtension(FilenameUtils.java:1068)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7205(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1900)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseNamenull4613(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:160)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseNamenull4614(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:56)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseNamenull4611(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:108)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseNamenull4612(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:82)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseNamenull4610(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:134)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.removeExtension(FilenameUtils.java:1068)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7200(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3239)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_add4973(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:926)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_add4972(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:850)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_add4971(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:876)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_add4970(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:902)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseNamenull4609(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:186)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4600(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:836)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
