======= REPORT =======
99 amplified test fails on the new versions.
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString4_failAssert3_literalMutationString204_failAssert37(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_add17_literalMutationString391_failAssert23(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): expected:<[Expecting number, got: STRING]> but was:<[com.google.gson.stream.MalformedJsonException: Use JsonReader.setLenient(true) to accept malformed JSON at line 1 column 4 path $]>
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString8_failAssert7_add383(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString7_failAssert6_add181_add1867(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString7_failAssert6_add181_add1862(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_add14_literalMutationString120_failAssert11(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString7_failAssert6_literalMutationString121(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString4_failAssert3_add233_literalMutationString1473_failAssert63(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString7_failAssert6_add181_add1902(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString7_failAssert6_add177_literalMutationString1809(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString7_failAssert6_literalMutationString118(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString8_failAssert7_add383_add1339(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString7_failAssert6_add177_add1890(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString8_failAssert7_add367_add3691(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString8_failAssert7_add383_add1330(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString8_failAssert7_add367_add3696(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString7_failAssert6_add177_add1895(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString8_failAssert7_add383_add1334(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString8_failAssert7_add392(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString7_failAssert6_add181_add1851(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString4_failAssert3_add251_literalMutationString1164_failAssert95(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString7_failAssert6_add177_literalMutationString1814(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_add14_literalMutationString112_failAssert12(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString7_failAssert6_add148_add2202(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString7_failAssert6_add181_add1857(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString7_failAssert6_add148_add2207(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString7_failAssert6_literalMutationString126(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString8_failAssert7_add367_literalMutationString3650(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString7_failAssert6_add181_add1886(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString7_failAssert6_add181(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString8_failAssert7_add383_add1283(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString7_failAssert6_add181_literalMutationString1825(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString8_failAssert7_add371_add2239(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString8_failAssert7_add383_add1319(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString8_failAssert7_add371_add2243(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString8_failAssert7_add367_add3679(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString8_failAssert7_add367_add3712(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString7_failAssert6_add181_add1891(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString7_failAssert6_add177_add1911(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString7_failAssert6_add177_add1877(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString8_failAssert7_add367_add3674(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString7_failAssert6_add177(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString8_failAssert7_add383_add1312(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString8_failAssert7_add371(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString7_failAssert6_add181_add1875(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString7_failAssert6_add177_add1907(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString7_failAssert6_add143_add2611(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString8_failAssert7_add383_add1295(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString7_failAssert6_add192(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString7_failAssert6_add177_add1903(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString7_failAssert6_add181_literalMutationString1818(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString8_failAssert7_add383_literalMutationString1241(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString8_failAssert7_add367_add3687(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString8_failAssert7_add371_add2251(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_add17_literalMutationString354_failAssert24(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString8_failAssert7_add383_add1289(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString7_failAssert6_add181_add1881(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString8_failAssert7_add383_literalMutationString1249(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString8_failAssert7_add367(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString8_failAssert7_add367_add3684(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString8_failAssert7_add383_add1324(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString8_failAssert7_literalMutationString353(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString7_failAssert6_add177_add1858(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString8_failAssert7_add367_literalMutationString3622(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString7_failAssert6_add177_add1852(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString8_failAssert7_literalMutationString348(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString8_failAssert7_add383_literalMutationString1256(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_add10_literalMutationString153_failAssert28(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString8_failAssert7_literalMutationString346(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString7_failAssert6_add181_add1897(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString7_failAssert6_add143_add2633(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString7_failAssert6_add143_add2636(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString7_failAssert6_add177_add1847(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString8_failAssert7_add367_add3708(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString8_failAssert7_add371_add2266(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString7_failAssert6_add181_literalMutationString1837(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString8_failAssert7_add367_add3700(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString7_failAssert6_add181_literalMutationString1832(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString8_failAssert7_add383_literalMutationString1262(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString8_failAssert7_add367_add3703(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString8_failAssert7_literalMutationString339(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString7_failAssert6_add177_add1842(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString8_failAssert7_add383_add1303(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString7_failAssert6_add177_literalMutationString1822(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_add17_literalMutationString398_failAssert22(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString8_failAssert7_add367_literalMutationString3644(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString7_failAssert6_add177_literalMutationString1828(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString7_failAssert6_add143_add2640(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_add14_literalMutationString129_failAssert13(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString8_failAssert7(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString7_failAssert6(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString4_failAssert3_add249_literalMutationString2696_failAssert87(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString4_failAssert3_add212_literalMutationString2282_failAssert56(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString7_failAssert6_add148_add2183(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString7_failAssert6_add148_add2225(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString7_failAssert6_add143_add2650(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString7_failAssert6_add148(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString8_failAssert7_add371_add2210(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
testNumberDeserialization_literalMutationString7_failAssert6_add143(com.google.gson.functional.PrimitiveTest): null
