6 amplified test fails on the new versions.
testGetFreeSpaceWindows_String_InvalidTextResponse_literalMutationString621_failAssert0(org.apache.commons.io.FileSystemUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetFreeSpaceWindows_String_EmptyResponse_literalMutationString1779_failAssert0(org.apache.commons.io.FileSystemUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetFreeSpaceWindows_String_EmptyPath_literalMutationString1060(org.apache.commons.io.FileSystemUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetFreeSpaceWindows_String_NoSuchDirectoryResponse_literalMutationString1687_failAssert0(org.apache.commons.io.FileSystemUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetFreeSpaceWindows_String_EmptyMultiLineResponse_literalMutationString1613_failAssert0(org.apache.commons.io.FileSystemUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetFreeSpaceWindows_String_ParseCommaFormatBytes_literalMutationString383(org.apache.commons.io.FileSystemUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use itjava.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:244)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FileSystemUtils.freeSpaceWindows(FileSystemUtils.java:289)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FileSystemUtilsTestCase.testGetFreeSpaceWindows_String_InvalidTextResponse_literalMutationString621_failAssert0(FileSystemUtilsTestCase.java:65)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:244)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FileSystemUtils.freeSpaceWindows(FileSystemUtils.java:289)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FileSystemUtilsTestCase.testGetFreeSpaceWindows_String_EmptyResponse_literalMutationString1779_failAssert0(FileSystemUtilsTestCase.java:113)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:244)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FileSystemUtils.freeSpaceWindows(FileSystemUtils.java:289)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FileSystemUtilsTestCase.testGetFreeSpaceWindows_String_EmptyPath_literalMutationString1060(FileSystemUtilsTestCase.java:25)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:244)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FileSystemUtils.freeSpaceWindows(FileSystemUtils.java:289)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FileSystemUtilsTestCase.testGetFreeSpaceWindows_String_NoSuchDirectoryResponse_literalMutationString1687_failAssert0(FileSystemUtilsTestCase.java:388)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:244)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FileSystemUtils.freeSpaceWindows(FileSystemUtils.java:289)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FileSystemUtilsTestCase.testGetFreeSpaceWindows_String_EmptyMultiLineResponse_literalMutationString1613_failAssert0(FileSystemUtilsTestCase.java:101)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:244)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FileSystemUtils.freeSpaceWindows(FileSystemUtils.java:289)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FileSystemUtilsTestCase.testGetFreeSpaceWindows_String_ParseCommaFormatBytes_literalMutationString383(FileSystemUtilsTestCase.java:133)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)

457 amplified test fails on the new versions.
testGetName_add4969(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_add4968(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_add4967(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString84(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEqualsNormalizedOnSystem_literalMutationString1635(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_add4966(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString83(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_add4965(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString77(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testNormalizeUnixWin_literalMutationString4786(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testConcat_literalMutationString709(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEqualsNormalizedOnSystem_literalMutationString1642(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4254(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5345(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4253(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5346(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5298(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4255(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5299(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4250(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5296(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5297(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4252(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5294(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4251(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5295(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5292(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEqualsNormalizedOnSystem_literalMutationString1647(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5293(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5290(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5291(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString66(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString65(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testNormalizeUnixWin_literalMutationString4794(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString69(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5341(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5342(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5343(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5344(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5340(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4247(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4590(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5338(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4246(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5339(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEqualsNormalizedOnSystem_literalMutationString1611(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4249(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4248(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4243(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4594(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5334(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4242(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5335(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4245(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4592(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5336(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4244(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4591(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5337(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEqualsNormalizedOnSystem_literalMutationString1617(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4598(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4241(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4596(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4240(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4595(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testConcat_literalMutationString720(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_add4603(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_add4604(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_add4605(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_add4606(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5330(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5331(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5332(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5333(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4239(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_add4600(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_add4601(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_add4602(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4236(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5327(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4235(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5328(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4238(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5329(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4237(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4232(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5323(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4231(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5324(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4234(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5325(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4233(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5326(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEqualsNormalizedOnSystem_literalMutationString1629(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4230(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString92(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEqualsNormalizedOnSystem_literalMutationString1624(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString97(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5320(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5321(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5322(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4229(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4228(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4572(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4571(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4570(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4576(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4963(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5243(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4575(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4964(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5244(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4574(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4573(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5126(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testNormalizeNoEndSeparatorUnixWin_literalMutationString537(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4579(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4960(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5127(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4578(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4577(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4962(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5129(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testNormalizeNoEndSeparatorUnixWin_literalMutationString543(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4956(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4957(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4958(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testNormalize(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4583(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4582(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4581(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4580(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4587(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4952(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4586(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4953(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4585(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4954(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5234(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4584(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4955(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5236(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4589(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4950(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5238(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4588(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4951(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5239(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4949(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString151(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4945(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4946(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4947(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5230(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4948(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEqualsNormalizedOnSystem_literalMutationString1653(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testConcat_literalMutationString769(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4941(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4942(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5222(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString142(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4943(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4944(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4558(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4557(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testConcat_literalMutationString762(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString147(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4940(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4938(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4939(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4559(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4934(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString141(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4935(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4936(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4937(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5220(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4561(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString6(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4560(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString3(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString133(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4565(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4930(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4564(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4931(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4563(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4932(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4562(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4933(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4569(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEqualsNormalizedError_IO_128_literalMutationString5655_failAssert0(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString138(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4568(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4567(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4566(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4929(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5169(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4111(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4105(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4106(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEqualsNormalizedError_IO_128_literalMutationString5649_failAssert0(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5162(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4109(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull199(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull198(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull195(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull194(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull197(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull196(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5156(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5277(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5157(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5159(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4101(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5270(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5271(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5272(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull191(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull193(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull192(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5144(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5265(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5145(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5146(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString10(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testNormalizeNoEndSeparatorUnixWin_literalMutationString522(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString13(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString14(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5263(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString16(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5264(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString19(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString18(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEquals_fullControl_literalMutationString3824(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5134(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testNormalizeNoEndSeparatorUnixWin_literalMutationString529(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5257(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4122(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5138(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4124(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5139(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add190(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7191(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetNamenull4972(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetNamenull4973(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetNamenull4974(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetNamenull4975(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetNamenull4976(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7197(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEqualsNormalized_literalMutationString1333(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEquals_fullControl_literalMutationString3811(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString40(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEquals_fullControl_literalMutationString3818(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString42(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString32(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString39(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEqualsNormalized_literalMutationString1321(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5199(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEqualsNormalized_literalMutationString1329(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString31(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEquals_fullControl_literalMutationString3805(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5193(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5194(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5197(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString62(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEqualsNormalized_literalMutationString1315(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5182(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString58(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5186(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEqualsNormalized_literalMutationString1309(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5178(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEqualsNormalized_literalMutationString1303(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString44(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5170(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString47(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4076(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4079(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4182(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4090(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4091(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4094(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4096(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4098(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEquals_fullControl_literalMutationString3792(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEquals_fullControl_literalMutationString3799(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull210(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull212(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull211(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4080(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull218(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull217(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4086(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4087(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull219(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull214(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull213(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull216(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull215(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEquals_fullControl_literalMutationString3786(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4213(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5304(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4212(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5305(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4211(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5302(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4210(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5303(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5300(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEqualsNormalized_literalMutationString1297(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5301(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4152(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4219(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEquals_fullControl_literalMutationString3779(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4218(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4217(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4156(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4216(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4157(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4215(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4037(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4214(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add180(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add181(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4149(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add184(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add185(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add182(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add183(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add188(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add189(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add186(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEqualsNormalized_literalMutationString1292(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add187(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7185(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5308(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5309(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5306(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5307(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4202(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7179(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4201(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4200(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEqualsNormalized_literalMutationString1288(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEqualsNormalized_literalMutationString1285(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4140(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4209(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4208(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4207(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4144(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4206(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4145(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4205(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4204(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4203(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4137(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add170(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add173(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add174(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add171(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add172(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add177(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add178(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add175(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add176(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7175(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add179(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4055(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4178(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4058(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4179(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add162(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add163(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add160(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add161(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add166(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add167(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7161(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add164(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add165(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add168(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add169(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7167(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4224(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5315(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4223(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5316(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4222(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5313(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4221(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5314(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4220(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5311(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5312(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4040(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5310(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4163(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4043(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4167(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4168(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4226(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4169(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4225(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5317(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString120(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString127(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString117(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString111(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString112(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString116(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString101(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testConcat_literalMutationString681(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString104(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testConcat_literalMutationString687(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testNormalizeUnixWin_literalMutationString4800(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testNormalizeUnixWin_literalMutationString4807(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull201(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4227(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5318(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull200(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5319(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7227(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull207(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull206(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull209(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull208(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull203(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull202(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull205(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull204(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7221(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7216(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEqualsNormalizedOnSystem_literalMutationString1608(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEqualsNormalizedOnSystem_literalMutationString1605(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7203(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4199(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4198(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5289(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4197(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4196(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5287(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5288(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7209(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseNamenull4611(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseNamenull4612(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseNamenull4610(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_add4971(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_add4970(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseNamenull4608(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseNamenull4609(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseNamenull4607(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_add4599(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use itjava.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_add4969(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:220)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_add4968(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:350)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_add4967(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:298)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString84(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5109)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1161)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalizedOnSystem(FilenameUtils.java:1139)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalizedOnSystem_literalMutationString1635(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1456)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_add4966(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:246)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString83(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7322)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_add4965(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:272)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString77(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6000)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:244)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testNormalizeUnixWin_literalMutationString4786(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:178)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.concat(FilenameUtils.java:505)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testConcat_literalMutationString709(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3947)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1162)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalizedOnSystem(FilenameUtils.java:1139)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalizedOnSystem_literalMutationString1642(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2132)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4254(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1158)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5345(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1393)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4253(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:472)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5346(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1241)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5298(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2312)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4255(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1006)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5299(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2002)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4250(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1384)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5296(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3468)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5297(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3158)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4252(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:775)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5294(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6433)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4251(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:170)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5295(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6279)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5292(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3701)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1161)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalizedOnSystem(FilenameUtils.java:1139)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalizedOnSystem_literalMutationString1647(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2108)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5293(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2079)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5290(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6201)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5291(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2541)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString66(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7896)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString65(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7404)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:244)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testNormalizeUnixWin_literalMutationString4794(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:413)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString69(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4869)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5341(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:93)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5342(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5898)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5343(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:244)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5344(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:853)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5340(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1470)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4247(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:396)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4590(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1510)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5338(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:473)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4246(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5885)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5339(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1773)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1161)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalizedOnSystem(FilenameUtils.java:1139)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalizedOnSystem_literalMutationString1611(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1790)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4249(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6037)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4248(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:93)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4243(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1234)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4594(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1328)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5334(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1623)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4242(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:699)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5335(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:777)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4245(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5810)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4592(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:860)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5336(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1849)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4244(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1759)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4591(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:496)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5337(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6049)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1162)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalizedOnSystem(FilenameUtils.java:1139)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalizedOnSystem_literalMutationString1617(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1166)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4598(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1120)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4241(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:246)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4596(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1406)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4240(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1909)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4595(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1380)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.concat(FilenameUtils.java:503)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testConcat_literalMutationString720(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6347)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_add4603(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:240)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_add4604(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:385)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_add4605(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:356)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_add4606(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:412)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5330(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5821)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5331(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:398)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5332(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5974)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5333(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1317)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4239(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1834)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_add4600(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:298)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_add4601(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:443)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_add4602(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:327)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4236(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:624)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5327(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1164)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4235(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1609)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5328(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:931)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4238(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1082)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5329(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1009)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4237(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1459)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4232(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:929)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5323(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1086)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4231(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:852)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5324(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1698)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4234(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6113)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5325(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:322)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4233(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:321)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5326(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:625)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1162)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalizedOnSystem(FilenameUtils.java:1139)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalizedOnSystem_literalMutationString1629(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1194)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4230(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:548)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString92(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6161)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1161)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalizedOnSystem(FilenameUtils.java:1139)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalizedOnSystem_literalMutationString1624(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1974)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString97(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5759)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5320(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:168)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5321(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1924)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5322(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1547)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4229(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1534)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4228(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1684)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4572(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:548)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4571(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1086)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4570(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:756)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4576(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1010)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4963(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:420)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5243(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5295)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4575(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:470)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4964(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:374)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5244(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7040)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4574(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:600)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4573(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1224)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5126(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5519)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalizeNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:338)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testNormalizeNoEndSeparatorUnixWin_literalMutationString537(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:316)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4579(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1302)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4960(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:949)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5127(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7190)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4578(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:522)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4577(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1172)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4962(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:627)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5129(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4386)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalizeNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:338)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testNormalizeNoEndSeparatorUnixWin_literalMutationString543(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:148)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4956(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:719)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4957(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1156)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4958(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:466)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testNormalize(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:333)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4583(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1068)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4582(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1480)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4581(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1276)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4580(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:964)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4587(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1198)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4952(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:512)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4586(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:938)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4953(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1041)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4585(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1250)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4954(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:395)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5234(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4689)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4584(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1146)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4955(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:765)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5236(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7341)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4589(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:832)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4950(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1133)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5238(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4460)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4588(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:652)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4951(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:604)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5239(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3933)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4949(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:903)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString151(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7814)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4945(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:995)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4946(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:834)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4947(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:443)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5230(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7566)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4948(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:807)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1162)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalizedOnSystem(FilenameUtils.java:1139)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalizedOnSystem_literalMutationString1653(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1770)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.concat(FilenameUtils.java:505)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testConcat_literalMutationString769(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4231)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4941(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:535)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4942(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:552)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5222(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4841)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString142(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7978)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4943(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1087)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4944(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:880)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4558(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:770)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4557(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1354)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.concat(FilenameUtils.java:503)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testConcat_literalMutationString762(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4843)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString147(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5271)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4940(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:857)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4938(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:696)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4939(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:673)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4559(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:912)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4934(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:489)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString141(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:8057)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4935(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:742)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4936(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1056)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4937(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1110)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5220(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7641)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4561(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1432)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString6(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5921)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4560(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:574)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString3(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4546)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString133(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4708)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4565(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:990)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4930(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:571)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4564(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1526)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4931(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:650)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4563(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:808)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4932(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:972)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4562(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:626)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4933(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:926)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4569(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:678)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1162)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalizedOnSystem(FilenameUtils.java:1139)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalizedError_IO_128_literalMutationString5655_failAssert0(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:676)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString138(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5029)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4568(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1042)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4567(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1458)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4566(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:704)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4929(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:788)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5169(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7115)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4111(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4373)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4105(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6725)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4106(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5658)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1161)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalizedOnSystem(FilenameUtils.java:1139)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalizedError_IO_128_literalMutationString5649_failAssert0(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:319)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5162(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4009)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4109(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5583)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull199(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:831)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull198(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1976)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull195(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1402)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull194(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:343)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull197(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:425)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull196(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6328)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5156(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4613)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5277(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4536)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5157(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7266)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5159(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6738)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4101(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4751)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5270(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5067)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5271(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5669)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5272(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4084)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull191(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6244)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull193(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1567)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull192(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:181)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5144(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4765)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5265(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7416)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5145(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4915)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5146(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4990)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString10(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:8137)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalizeNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:338)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testNormalizeNoEndSeparatorUnixWin_literalMutationString522(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:270)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString13(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6080)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString14(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5595)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5263(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6889)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString16(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:8218)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5264(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4235)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString19(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5433)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString18(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5190)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1162)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEquals_fullControl_literalMutationString3824(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:606)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5134(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4159)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalizeNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:338)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testNormalizeNoEndSeparatorUnixWin_literalMutationString529(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:403)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5257(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5219)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4122(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6878)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5138(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5594)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4124(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7181)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5139(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5744)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add190(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2392)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.removeExtension(FilenameUtils.java:1068)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7191(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1589)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetNamenull4972(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:123)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetNamenull4973(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:77)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetNamenull4974(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:169)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetNamenull4975(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:54)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetNamenull4976(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:100)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.removeExtension(FilenameUtils.java:1068)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7197(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1934)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1162)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalized(FilenameUtils.java:1122)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalized_literalMutationString1333(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1484)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1162)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEquals_fullControl_literalMutationString3811(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:800)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString40(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4788)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1161)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEquals_fullControl_literalMutationString3818(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:928)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString42(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5840)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString32(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5514)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString39(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4384)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1162)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalized(FilenameUtils.java:1122)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalized_literalMutationString1321(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:728)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5199(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6813)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1161)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalized(FilenameUtils.java:1122)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalized_literalMutationString1329(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:938)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString31(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7733)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1161)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEquals_fullControl_literalMutationString3805(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:534)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5193(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5371)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5194(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5445)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5197(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4311)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString62(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4950)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1161)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalized(FilenameUtils.java:1122)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalized_literalMutationString1315(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1144)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5182(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6663)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString58(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7487)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5186(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6965)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1162)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalized(FilenameUtils.java:1122)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalized_literalMutationString1309(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2026)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5178(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5143)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1161)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalized(FilenameUtils.java:1122)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalized_literalMutationString1303(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1428)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString44(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5352)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5170(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7491)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString47(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7570)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4076(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6650)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1143)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4079(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7634)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4182(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5053)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4090(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5433)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4091(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7559)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4094(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4448)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4096(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3918)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4098(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5508)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1161)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEquals_fullControl_literalMutationString3792(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:434)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1162)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEquals_fullControl_literalMutationString3799(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:644)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull210(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:995)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull212(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:585)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull211(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6411)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4080(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4902)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull218(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:750)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull217(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1813)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4086(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4146)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4087(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4676)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull219(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1157)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull214(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:668)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull213(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6572)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull216(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:261)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull215(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1650)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1162)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEquals_fullControl_literalMutationString3786(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:852)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4213(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2064)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5304(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3002)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4212(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2764)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5305(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3624)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4211(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6342)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5302(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3080)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4210(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2610)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5303(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3778)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5300(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3856)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1162)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalized(FilenameUtils.java:1122)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalized_literalMutationString1297(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1790)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5301(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6511)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4152(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4298)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4219(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3461)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1161)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEquals_fullControl_literalMutationString3779(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:516)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4218(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3767)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4217(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3384)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4156(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7257)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4216(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2142)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4157(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7332)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4215(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3538)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4037(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7484)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4214(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6574)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add180(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6740)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add181(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3141)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4149(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4222)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add184(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3807)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add185(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3889)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add182(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2561)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add183(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4139)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add188(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6992)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add189(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2310)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add186(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3972)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1161)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalized(FilenameUtils.java:1122)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalized_literalMutationString1292(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2050)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add187(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7076)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.removeExtension(FilenameUtils.java:1068)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7185(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2104)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5308(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2696)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5309(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2773)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5306(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2234)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5307(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2618)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4202(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6189)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.removeExtension(FilenameUtils.java:1068)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7179(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2312)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4201(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2841)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4200(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3151)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1162)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalized(FilenameUtils.java:1122)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalized_literalMutationString1288(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1398)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1161)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalized(FilenameUtils.java:1122)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalized_literalMutationString1285(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1164)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4140(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6953)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4209(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3306)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4208(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2298)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4207(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2532)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4144(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4826)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4206(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2220)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4145(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5127)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4205(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2996)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4204(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6496)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4203(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2376)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4137(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6802)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add170(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6824)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add173(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3557)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add174(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3223)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add171(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3059)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add172(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2893)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add177(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3724)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add178(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3474)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add175(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2727)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add176(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3390)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.removeExtension(FilenameUtils.java:1068)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7175(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1073)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add179(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2976)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4055(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4600)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4178(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5203)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4058(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5734)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4179(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4524)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add162(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6656)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add163(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2478)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add160(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6908)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add161(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2226)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add166(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2142)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add167(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2810)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.removeExtension(FilenameUtils.java:1068)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7161(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3268)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add164(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4056)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add165(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3306)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add168(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2644)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add169(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3640)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.removeExtension(FilenameUtils.java:1068)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7167(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1858)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4224(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3615)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5315(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6356)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4223(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3843)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5316(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2389)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4222(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3691)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5313(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2849)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4221(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6265)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5314(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6588)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4220(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2918)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5311(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3236)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5312(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2925)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4040(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4070)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5310(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3391)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4163(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7408)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4043(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7028)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4167(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5280)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4168(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5357)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4226(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2686)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4169(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3993)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4225(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6419)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5317(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2464)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString120(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5677)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString127(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4628)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString117(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7158)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString111(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4220)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString112(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4302)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString116(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4465)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString101(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7240)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.concat(FilenameUtils.java:499)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testConcat_literalMutationString681(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5096)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1051)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString104(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7652)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.concat(FilenameUtils.java:505)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testConcat_literalMutationString687(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6200)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:244)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testNormalizeUnixWin_literalMutationString4800(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:264)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:244)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testNormalizeUnixWin_literalMutationString4807(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:368)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1168)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:898)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull201(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:913)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4227(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1309)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5318(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6124)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull200(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1484)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5319(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:548)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.removeExtension(FilenameUtils.java:1068)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7227(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2841)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull207(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:504)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull206(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6491)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull209(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1319)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull208(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1238)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull203(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1894)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull202(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1733)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull205(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2058)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull204(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:97)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.removeExtension(FilenameUtils.java:1068)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7221(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2667)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.removeExtension(FilenameUtils.java:1068)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7216(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1767)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1162)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalizedOnSystem(FilenameUtils.java:1139)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalizedOnSystem_literalMutationString1608(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1112)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1161)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalizedOnSystem(FilenameUtils.java:1139)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalizedOnSystem_literalMutationString1605(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1918)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:976)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.removeExtension(FilenameUtils.java:1068)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7203(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2453)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4199(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1986)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4198(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3074)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5289(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2156)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4197(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2454)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4196(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3228)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5287(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3546)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5288(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3314)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.removeExtension(FilenameUtils.java:1068)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7209(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2629)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseNamenull4611(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:108)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseNamenull4612(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:56)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseNamenull4610(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:186)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_add4971(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:322)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_add4970(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:194)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseNamenull4608(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:212)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseNamenull4609(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:134)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseNamenull4607(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:82)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_add4599(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:269)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
