======= REPORT =======
178 amplified test fails on the new versions.
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString1521_literalMutationNumber1732(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString1521_literalMutationNumber1730(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber1517_literalMutationNumber1741(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add2_literalMutationString42(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString1521_literalMutationNumber1731(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add2_literalMutationString49(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add2_literalMutationString48(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add2_literalMutationString47(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber1518_add1839(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_add1525_literalMutationNumber1580(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber1518_add1838(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString1524_literalMutationNumber1703(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber1517_add1761_add3495(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString1524_literalMutationNumber1702(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber1517_add1761_add3497(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString1524_literalMutationNumber1704(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber1517_add1761_add3498(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add1_failAssert0_literalMutationString16_add327(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add1_failAssert0_literalMutationString23_add500(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString1522_literalMutationNumber1666(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString1522_literalMutationNumber1665(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber1518_literalMutationNumber1795(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add3_add45(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add1_failAssert0_literalMutationString16_add329(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add3_add43(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add3_add44(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add3_add41_failAssert4(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString1522_literalMutationNumber1667(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString1520_add1632_literalMutationNumber3590(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString1521(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString1520(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString1523(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString1522(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber1518_literalMutationNumber1799(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString1520_add1632_literalMutationNumber3592(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString1524(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString1520_add1632_literalMutationNumber3591(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add3(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add2(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber1518_add1838_add3718(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString1519_add1645_literalMutationNumber2796(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber1518_add1838_add3717(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString1519_add1645_literalMutationNumber2794(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString1519_add1645_literalMutationNumber2795(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add2_add68(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add1_failAssert0_literalMutationString15_add604(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_add1525_add1592_literalMutationNumber2422(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add2_literalMutationString51(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add2_literalMutationString50(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_add1525_add1592_literalMutationNumber2420(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_add1525_add1592_literalMutationNumber2421(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_add1525_literalMutationNumber1579(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add2_add71(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_add1525_literalMutationNumber1578(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add2_add70(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString1522_add1675(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString1519_add1645_add2800(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString1519(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString1519_add1645_add2802(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString1522_add1676(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString1519_add1645_add2803(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber1517_add1761_literalMutationNumber3419_failAssert61(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add3_literalMutationString40(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString1521_add1770(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString1520_add1632(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber1516_literalMutationNumber1775_failAssert37(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString1520_add1633(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add2_literalMutationString67(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add2_literalMutationString66(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber1515_add1823_literalMutationNumber3759(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add1_failAssert0_literalMutationString21_add357(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add2_literalMutationString62(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber1516_add1828_literalMutationNumber3535_failAssert60(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add1_failAssert0_literalMutationString21_add359(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber1515_add1823_literalMutationNumber3758(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber1517_add1762(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber1517_add1761(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString1523_add1810_literalMutationNumber3711(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString1523_add1810_literalMutationNumber3712(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add1_failAssert0_add56_add740(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_add1525_add1592(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString1523_add1810_literalMutationNumber3713(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString1521_add1769_literalMutationNumber3779(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_add1528_add1691_add2884(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString1521_add1769_literalMutationNumber3777(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString1521_add1769_literalMutationNumber3778(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_add1528_add1691_add2886(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_add1528_add1691_add2882(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber1516_add1828(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber1516_add1829(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber1516_literalMutationNumber1774(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber1518_literalMutationNumber1796_failAssert38(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString1524_add1724(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString1524_add1725(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber1516_literalMutationNumber1778(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString1523_literalMutationNumber1784(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString1523_literalMutationNumber1785(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString1523_literalMutationNumber1786(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber1515_literalMutationNumber1808(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber1515_literalMutationNumber1807(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add1_failAssert0_literalMutationString17_add403(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add1_failAssert0_literalMutationString17_add401(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add1_failAssert0_add55(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add1_failAssert0_add56(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString1520_add1632_add3627(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add1_failAssert0_add53(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add1_failAssert0_add54(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString1520_add1632_add3625(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add1_failAssert0_add52(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add1_failAssert0_literalMutationString19_add251(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add1_failAssert0_literalMutationString19_add253(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_add1528_literalMutationNumber1649(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString1523_add1810(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString1523_add1811(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber1517_literalMutationNumber1738_failAssert36(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString1520_literalMutationNumber1622(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString1520_literalMutationNumber1624(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString1520_literalMutationNumber1623(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add1_failAssert0_add56_add738(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add1_failAssert0_add63(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber1518_add1838_literalMutationNumber3640_failAssert62(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add1_failAssert0_literalMutationString22(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add1_failAssert0_literalMutationString23(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add1_failAssert0_literalMutationString20(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add1_failAssert0_add63_add847(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add1_failAssert0_literalMutationString21(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_add1527(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber1516_add1828_add3604(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_add1526(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_add1528(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber1516_add1828_add3605(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add1_failAssert0_literalMutationString18_add467(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add3_literalMutationString39(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add1_failAssert0_literalMutationString18_add469(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber1516_add1828_add3602(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add3_literalMutationString38(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_add1528_literalMutationNumber1650(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_add1528_literalMutationNumber1651(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString1519_literalMutationNumber1640(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add1_failAssert0_literalMutationString15_add585(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add1_failAssert0_literalMutationString20_add320(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString1521_add1769(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString1519_literalMutationNumber1639(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString1519_literalMutationNumber1638(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_add1525(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add1_failAssert0_add63_add845(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber1515(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber1516(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber1517(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber1518(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString1519_add1645(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber1515_add1824(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString1519_add1646(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber1515_add1823(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add1_failAssert0_literalMutationString19(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add3_literalMutationString29(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber1518_add1838_add3696(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add3_literalMutationString28(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add1_failAssert0_literalMutationString17(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add3_literalMutationString27(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add1_failAssert0_literalMutationString18(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber1517_literalMutationNumber1737(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add1_failAssert0_literalMutationString15(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add1_failAssert0_literalMutationString16(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add1_failAssert0(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_add1528_add1691_literalMutationNumber2875(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_add1528_add1691_literalMutationNumber2874(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add1_failAssert0_literalMutationString23_add498(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_add1528_add1691_literalMutationNumber2873(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add3_literalMutationString26(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add3_literalMutationString25(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add1_failAssert0_literalMutationString20_add277(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add3_literalMutationString24(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_add1528_add1691(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_Size_add2_add69_failAssert2(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_add1528_add1693(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
