======= REPORT =======
114 amplified test fails on the new versions.
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString6_add97_literalMutationNumber1292(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString6_add97_literalMutationNumber1293(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString6_add97_literalMutationNumber1291(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_add14_add245_add2132(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber2(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber3(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber4(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString10_add263(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber1(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber1_literalMutationNumber285(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber1_literalMutationNumber284(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber4_add180_literalMutationNumber2035_failAssert26(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber2_add252_literalMutationNumber2220_failAssert28(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString7_add262(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString7_add261(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString9_literalMutationNumber271(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_add14_add245_literalMutationNumber2053(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_add14_add245_literalMutationNumber2051(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString10_add251(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_add14_add245_literalMutationNumber2052(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber4_literalMutationNumber172(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber4_literalMutationNumber160_failAssert2(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber3_literalMutationNumber102_failAssert3(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString5_add139_literalMutationNumber1582(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString8_add213_literalMutationNumber1769(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_add11_add84_literalMutationNumber906(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString8_add213_literalMutationNumber1768(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber4_add180(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber2_add253(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_add11_add84_literalMutationNumber907(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_add11_add84_literalMutationNumber908(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber4_add181(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber2_add252(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString8_add214(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString8_add213_literalMutationNumber1767(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString8_add213(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber4_literalMutationNumber159(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString5(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString6(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString5_add139_literalMutationNumber1580(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber4_add180_add2092(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString7(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString5_add139_literalMutationNumber1581(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber4_add180_add2093(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString8(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString9(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_add11_literalMutationNumber66(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_add11_literalMutationNumber64(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber4_add180_add2090(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_add11_literalMutationNumber65(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString9_literalMutationNumber294(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber2_literalMutationNumber220_failAssert4(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString9_literalMutationNumber295(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_add14_literalMutationNumber202(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_add14_literalMutationNumber201(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_add14_literalMutationNumber200(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_add14_add245(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_add14_add247(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber2_add252_add2259(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_add11_add84(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString10_literalMutationNumber225(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString10_literalMutationNumber224(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString6_add97_add1323(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString6_add97_add1322(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber3_add118_literalMutationNumber2124_failAssert27(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString5_literalMutationNumber112(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString5_literalMutationNumber114(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString10_add251_literalMutationNumber1462(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString5_literalMutationNumber113(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString10_add251_literalMutationNumber1463(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString10_add251_literalMutationNumber1464(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString5_add139(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString6_literalMutationNumber90(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString6_literalMutationNumber91(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString6_literalMutationNumber92(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString7_literalMutationNumber241(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString7_literalMutationNumber240(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString10_literalMutationNumber211(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber2_add252_add2261(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString6_add97_add1297(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber2_add252_add2262(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber1_add307(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_add14_add245_add2151(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber2_literalMutationNumber219(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber3_literalMutationNumber105(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber3_add118_add2196(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber3_literalMutationNumber101(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString7_literalMutationNumber239(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber1_add308(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_add14_add245_add2149(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString8_literalMutationNumber189(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString6_add97(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber2_literalMutationNumber223(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString6_add98(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber1_add307_literalMutationNumber1503(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString9_add318(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber1_add307_literalMutationNumber1504(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString8_literalMutationNumber188(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString5_add155(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString9_add312(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString8_literalMutationNumber190(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString10(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber3_add118_add2185(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString7_add261_literalMutationNumber1632(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber3_add118(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString7_add261_literalMutationNumber1633(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber3_add118_add2183(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_add11(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationNumber3_add119(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_literalMutationString7_add261_literalMutationNumber1634(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_add12(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_add13(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
testToByteArray_InputStream_SizeIllegal_add14(org.apache.commons.io.IOUtilsTestCase): null
