6 amplified test fails on the new versions.
testGetFreeSpaceWindows_String_EmptyResponse_literalMutationString1780_failAssert0(org.apache.commons.io.FileSystemUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetFreeSpaceWindows_String_InvalidTextResponse_literalMutationString621_failAssert0(org.apache.commons.io.FileSystemUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetFreeSpaceWindows_String_EmptyMultiLineResponse_literalMutationString1615_failAssert0(org.apache.commons.io.FileSystemUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetFreeSpaceWindows_String_NoSuchDirectoryResponse_literalMutationString1689_failAssert0(org.apache.commons.io.FileSystemUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetFreeSpaceWindows_String_EmptyPath_literalMutationString1062(org.apache.commons.io.FileSystemUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetFreeSpaceWindows_String_ParseCommaFormatBytes_literalMutationString383(org.apache.commons.io.FileSystemUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use itjava.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:244)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FileSystemUtils.freeSpaceWindows(FileSystemUtils.java:289)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FileSystemUtilsTestCase.testGetFreeSpaceWindows_String_EmptyResponse_literalMutationString1780_failAssert0(FileSystemUtilsTestCase.java:65)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:244)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FileSystemUtils.freeSpaceWindows(FileSystemUtils.java:289)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FileSystemUtilsTestCase.testGetFreeSpaceWindows_String_InvalidTextResponse_literalMutationString621_failAssert0(FileSystemUtilsTestCase.java:231)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:244)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FileSystemUtils.freeSpaceWindows(FileSystemUtils.java:289)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FileSystemUtilsTestCase.testGetFreeSpaceWindows_String_EmptyMultiLineResponse_literalMutationString1615_failAssert0(FileSystemUtilsTestCase.java:197)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:244)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FileSystemUtils.freeSpaceWindows(FileSystemUtils.java:289)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FileSystemUtilsTestCase.testGetFreeSpaceWindows_String_NoSuchDirectoryResponse_literalMutationString1689_failAssert0(FileSystemUtilsTestCase.java:172)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:244)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FileSystemUtils.freeSpaceWindows(FileSystemUtils.java:289)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FileSystemUtilsTestCase.testGetFreeSpaceWindows_String_EmptyPath_literalMutationString1062(FileSystemUtilsTestCase.java:122)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:244)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FileSystemUtils.freeSpaceWindows(FileSystemUtils.java:289)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FileSystemUtilsTestCase.testGetFreeSpaceWindows_String_ParseCommaFormatBytes_literalMutationString383(FileSystemUtilsTestCase.java:124)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)

456 amplified test fails on the new versions.
testGetName_add4969(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_add4968(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_add4967(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testConcat_literalMutationString825(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEqualsNormalizedOnSystem_literalMutationString1630(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5200(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5201(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_add4966(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEqualsNormalizedOnSystem_literalMutationString1636(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString86(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5205(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString85(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString77(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString78(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testNormalizeUnixWin_literalMutationString4787(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEqualsNormalizedOnSystem_literalMutationString1643(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testConcat_literalMutationString712(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4254(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5345(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4253(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5346(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4256(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5347(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5298(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4255(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5299(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4250(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5296(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5297(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4252(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5294(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4251(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5295(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5292(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5293(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5290(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEqualsNormalizedOnSystem_literalMutationString1649(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5291(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString66(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testNormalizeUnixWin_literalMutationString4794(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString68(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5341(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5342(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5343(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5344(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5340(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4247(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4590(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5338(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4246(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5339(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4249(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testConcat_literalMutationString723(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEqualsNormalizedOnSystem_literalMutationString1612(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4248(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4243(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4594(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5334(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4242(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4593(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5335(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4245(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4592(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5336(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4244(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4591(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5337(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4598(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEqualsNormalizedOnSystem_literalMutationString1618(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4597(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4241(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4596(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4240(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_add4603(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_add4604(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_add4605(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_add4606(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_add4607(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5330(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5331(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5332(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5333(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4239(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_add4600(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_add4601(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_add4602(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4236(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5327(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4235(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5328(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4238(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5329(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4237(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4232(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5323(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4231(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5324(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4234(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5325(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4233(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5326(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4230(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEqualsNormalizedOnSystem_literalMutationString1625(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString89(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5320(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5321(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5322(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4229(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4228(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4572(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4571(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4570(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4576(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4575(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4964(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4574(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4965(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4573(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5126(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5247(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4579(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testNormalizeNoEndSeparatorUnixWin_literalMutationString536(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4578(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4961(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4577(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4962(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testNormalizeNoEndSeparatorUnixWin_literalMutationString543(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4956(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4957(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4958(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4959(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testNormalize(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4583(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4582(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4581(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4580(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4587(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4952(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4586(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4953(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4585(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4954(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5234(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4584(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4955(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5235(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString159(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testConcat_literalMutationString751(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4589(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4950(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4588(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4951(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4949(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4945(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4946(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4947(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5230(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString150(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4948(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5231(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEqualsNormalizedOnSystem_literalMutationString1654(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4941(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4942(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4943(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4944(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5224(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString148(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4558(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5225(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5226(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5227(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4940(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4938(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4939(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4559(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString140(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4934(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4935(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4936(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4937(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5218(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4561(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4560(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString133(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4565(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4930(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5210(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4564(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4931(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString7(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4563(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4932(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString132(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4562(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4933(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString137(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4569(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4568(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4567(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4566(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5166(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5167(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5160(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5164(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull199(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull198(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull195(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull194(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull197(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull196(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5157(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4100(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4101(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5271(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5151(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5272(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5275(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull191(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull193(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull192(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5267(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4132(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4135(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString11(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testNormalizeNoEndSeparatorUnixWin_literalMutationString523(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString13(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5260(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString18(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5254(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEquals_fullControl_literalMutationString3825(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5255(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4120(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5136(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4124(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4125(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4116(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add190(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testNormalizeNoEndSeparatorUnixWin_literalMutationString530(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4119(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7192(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetNamenull4973(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetNamenull4974(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetNamenull4975(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetNamenull4976(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetNamenull4977(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7198(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEquals_fullControl_literalMutationString3819(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEqualsNormalized_literalMutationString1330(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEquals_fullControl_literalMutationString3812(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEqualsNormalized_literalMutationString1336(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString32(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEqualsNormalized_literalMutationString1323(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEquals_fullControl_literalMutationString3806(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString30(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString21(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString24(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5195(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5196(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString28(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString27(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString29(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testConcat_literalMutationString801(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEqualsNormalized_literalMutationString1312(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString60(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEqualsNormalized_literalMutationString1317(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString63(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5180(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5182(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString59(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString58(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5187(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5178(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEqualsNormalizedError_IO_128_literalMutationString5656_failAssert0(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString51(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString50(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEqualsNormalized_literalMutationString1305(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString44(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5171(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5173(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString49(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4070(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4071(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4074(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4075(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4064(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4187(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4094(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4095(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4098(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEquals_fullControl_literalMutationString3793(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEquals_fullControl_literalMutationString3799(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull210(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull212(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull211(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4080(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4081(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4082(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4084(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull218(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull217(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull219(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull214(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull213(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull216(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull215(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEquals_fullControl_literalMutationString3786(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEquals_fullControl_literalMutationString3780(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4213(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5304(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4212(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5305(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4211(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5302(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEqualsNormalized_literalMutationString1299(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4210(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5303(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5300(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5301(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4150(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4219(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4218(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4217(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4156(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4216(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4036(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4215(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4158(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4214(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add180(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4148(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add181(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add184(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add185(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add182(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7180(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add183(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add188(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add189(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEqualsNormalized_literalMutationString1293(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add186(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add187(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEqualsNormalized_literalMutationString1290(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5308(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7186(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5309(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5306(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5307(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4202(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4201(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4200(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEqualsNormalized_literalMutationString1287(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4209(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4208(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4207(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4206(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4145(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4205(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4146(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4204(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4147(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4203(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add170(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4139(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add173(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add174(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add171(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add172(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add177(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add178(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add175(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add176(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7175(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add179(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7168(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4170(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4173(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4056(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4177(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4179(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add162(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add163(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add160(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add161(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add166(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add167(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add164(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7162(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add165(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add168(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add169(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4224(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5315(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4223(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5316(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4222(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5313(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4221(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5314(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4220(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5311(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5312(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4040(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5310(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4227(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4226(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4225(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5317(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5318(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString129(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString123(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString112(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString116(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString108(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testNormalizeUnixWin_literalMutationString4808(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString101(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testConcat_literalMutationString684(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testConcat_literalMutationString688(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testNormalizeUnixWin_literalMutationString4801(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7223(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull201(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull200(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5319(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7228(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull207(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull206(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull209(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull208(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull203(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull202(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull205(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull204(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7216(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEqualsNormalizedOnSystem_literalMutationString1606(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEqualsNormalizedOnSystem_literalMutationString1609(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7210(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4199(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7204(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4198(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5289(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4197(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5288(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseNamenull4613(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseNamenull4611(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseNamenull4612(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseNamenull4610(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_add4972(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_add4971(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_add4970(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseNamenull4608(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseNamenull4609(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEqualsNormalizedError_IO_128_literalMutationString5650_failAssert0(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use itjava.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_add4969(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:324)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_add4968(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:220)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_add4967(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:246)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.concat(FilenameUtils.java:503)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testConcat_literalMutationString825(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6852)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1162)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalizedOnSystem(FilenameUtils.java:1139)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalizedOnSystem_literalMutationString1630(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:700)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5200(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5590)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5201(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4533)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_add4966(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:194)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1161)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalizedOnSystem(FilenameUtils.java:1139)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalizedOnSystem_literalMutationString1636(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1898)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString86(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4874)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5205(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4381)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString85(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4712)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString77(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7644)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString78(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4468)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:244)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testNormalizeUnixWin_literalMutationString4787(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:380)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1162)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalizedOnSystem(FilenameUtils.java:1139)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalizedOnSystem_literalMutationString1643(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:858)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.concat(FilenameUtils.java:505)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testConcat_literalMutationString712(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6211)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4254(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:94)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5345(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1235)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4253(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1305)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5346(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1771)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4256(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:625)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5347(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1312)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5298(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3619)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4255(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1682)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5299(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2689)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4250(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:321)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5296(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6352)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5297(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2767)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4252(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1834)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5294(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2844)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4251(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:397)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5295(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3541)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5292(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6197)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5293(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2384)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5290(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2153)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1161)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalizedOnSystem(FilenameUtils.java:1139)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalizedOnSystem_literalMutationString1649(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1016)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5291(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3851)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString66(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7808)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:244)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testNormalizeUnixWin_literalMutationString4794(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:309)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString68(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5767)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5341(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:320)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5342(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:851)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5343(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:775)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5344(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1539)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5340(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:93)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4247(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1910)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4590(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:574)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5338(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:474)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4246(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:170)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5339(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:169)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4249(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5800)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.concat(FilenameUtils.java:505)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testConcat_literalMutationString723(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4020)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1161)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalizedOnSystem(FilenameUtils.java:1139)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalizedOnSystem_literalMutationString1612(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:958)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4248(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1079)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4243(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:245)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4594(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:912)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5334(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:699)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4242(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5876)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4593(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1146)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5335(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1922)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4245(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:854)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4592(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:782)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5336(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1388)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4244(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1381)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4591(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1198)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5337(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6121)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4598(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:730)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1162)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalizedOnSystem(FilenameUtils.java:1139)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalizedOnSystem_literalMutationString1618(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1582)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4597(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1276)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4241(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:549)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4596(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:964)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4240(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5951)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_add4603(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:327)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_add4604(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:414)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_add4605(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:269)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_add4606(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:240)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_add4607(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:296)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5330(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:398)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5331(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5815)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5332(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:244)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5333(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1847)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4239(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1004)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_add4600(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:356)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_add4601(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:385)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_add4602(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:443)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4236(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6026)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5327(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1080)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4235(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1758)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5328(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5969)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4238(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:929)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5329(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1617)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4237(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1606)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4232(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:473)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5323(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1694)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4231(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:778)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5324(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1002)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4234(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1456)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5325(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1463)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4233(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:702)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5326(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1158)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4230(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1531)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1161)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalizedOnSystem(FilenameUtils.java:1139)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalizedOnSystem_literalMutationString1625(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1454)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString89(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5849)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5320(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:624)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5321(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:926)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5322(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5891)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4229(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1154)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4228(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1229)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4572(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:678)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4571(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:488)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4570(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:808)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4576(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1120)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4575(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:990)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4964(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:397)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4574(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1510)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4965(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1156)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4573(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1250)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5126(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6964)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5247(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6812)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4579(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1458)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalizeNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:338)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testNormalizeNoEndSeparatorUnixWin_literalMutationString536(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:186)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4578(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1068)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4961(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:788)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4577(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1296)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4962(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:972)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalizeNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:338)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testNormalizeNoEndSeparatorUnixWin_literalMutationString543(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:178)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4956(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:995)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4957(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1041)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4958(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:581)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4959(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:719)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testNormalize(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:333)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4583(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:830)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4582(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1328)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4581(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1380)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4580(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1172)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4587(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:470)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4952(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1087)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4586(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:860)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4953(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:765)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4585(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1042)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4954(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1110)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5234(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7491)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4584(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:652)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4955(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:947)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5235(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5135)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString159(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7244)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.concat(FilenameUtils.java:505)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testConcat_literalMutationString751(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4568)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4589(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:884)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4950(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:669)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4588(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1432)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4951(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:811)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4949(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:926)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4945(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:374)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4946(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:489)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4947(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:466)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5230(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7416)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString150(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5038)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4948(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:443)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5231(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5738)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1162)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalizedOnSystem(FilenameUtils.java:1139)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalizedOnSystem_literalMutationString1654(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1224)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4941(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:558)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4942(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1179)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4943(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:644)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4944(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:420)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5224(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4987)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString148(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7565)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4558(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:522)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5225(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4837)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5226(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4912)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5227(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5211)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4940(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1018)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4938(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:880)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4939(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:742)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4559(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1394)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString140(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5525)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4934(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:857)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4935(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1133)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4936(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:834)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4937(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:527)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5218(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6737)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4561(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:626)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4560(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1224)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString133(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7404)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4565(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1474)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4930(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:903)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5210(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7646)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4564(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:704)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4931(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:617)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString7(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6173)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4563(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:756)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4932(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:696)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString132(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7888)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4562(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:548)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4933(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:512)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString137(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:8211)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4569(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1016)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4568(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1094)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4567(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:938)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4566(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1354)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5166(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6887)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5167(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5664)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5160(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4686)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5164(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7190)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull199(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1240)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull198(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6254)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull195(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1897)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull194(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:993)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull197(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6582)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull196(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1573)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5157(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5287)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4100(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4893)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4101(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5044)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5271(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4305)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5151(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4003)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5272(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4456)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5275(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4079)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull191(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1077)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull193(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:262)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull192(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1323)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5267(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7568)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4132(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4743)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4135(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5725)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString11(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6011)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalizeNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:338)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testNormalizeNoEndSeparatorUnixWin_literalMutationString523(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:134)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString13(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4389)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5260(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5439)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString18(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5447)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5254(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6662)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1162)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEquals_fullControl_literalMutationString3825(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:340)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5255(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7265)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4120(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3917)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5136(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5363)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4124(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5347)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4125(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5499)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4116(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7017)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add190(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3057)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalizeNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:338)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testNormalizeNoEndSeparatorUnixWin_literalMutationString530(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:383)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4119(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5121)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.removeExtension(FilenameUtils.java:1068)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7192(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1729)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetNamenull4973(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:146)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetNamenull4974(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:123)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetNamenull4975(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:77)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetNamenull4976(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:100)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetNamenull4977(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:169)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.removeExtension(FilenameUtils.java:1068)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7198(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1626)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1161)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEquals_fullControl_literalMutationString3819(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:718)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1161)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalized(FilenameUtils.java:1122)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalized_literalMutationString1330(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:678)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1162)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEquals_fullControl_literalMutationString3812(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:772)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1162)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalized(FilenameUtils.java:1122)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalized_literalMutationString1336(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1510)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString32(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:8132)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1162)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalized(FilenameUtils.java:1122)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalized_literalMutationString1323(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1716)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1161)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEquals_fullControl_literalMutationString3806(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:800)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString30(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5685)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString21(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4227)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString24(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7325)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5195(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5061)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5196(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4154)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString28(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5930)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString27(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4793)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString29(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5202)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.concat(FilenameUtils.java:499)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testConcat_literalMutationString801(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6776)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1162)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalized(FilenameUtils.java:1122)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalized_literalMutationString1312(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1844)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString60(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6092)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1161)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalized(FilenameUtils.java:1122)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalized_literalMutationString1317(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1638)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString63(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:8051)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5180(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7040)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5182(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4762)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString59(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5120)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString58(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5365)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5187(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3927)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5178(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4229)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1162)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalizedOnSystem(FilenameUtils.java:1139)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalizedError_IO_128_literalMutationString5656_failAssert0(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:608)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString51(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4549)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString50(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5604)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1161)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalized(FilenameUtils.java:1122)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalized_literalMutationString1305(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1142)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString44(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7163)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5171(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7115)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5173(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5515)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString49(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4308)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4070(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7472)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4071(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7169)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4074(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4818)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4075(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6942)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1143)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4064(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5272)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4187(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7321)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4094(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3992)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4095(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5650)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4098(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5422)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1161)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEquals_fullControl_literalMutationString3793(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:378)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1162)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEquals_fullControl_literalMutationString3799(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:252)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull210(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1159)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull212(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6500)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull211(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:672)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4080(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4141)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4081(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4291)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4082(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5197)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4084(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5575)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull218(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1814)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull217(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1653)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull219(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1733)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull214(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:589)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull213(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6417)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull216(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:752)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull215(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1489)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1162)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEquals_fullControl_literalMutationString3786(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:390)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1161)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEquals_fullControl_literalMutationString3780(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:838)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4213(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3687)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5304(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2307)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4212(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3375)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5305(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3385)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4211(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2529)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5302(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6508)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1162)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalized(FilenameUtils.java:1122)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalized_literalMutationString1299(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1426)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4210(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2989)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5303(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6430)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5300(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3075)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5301(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3153)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4150(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7093)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4219(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2606)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4218(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2451)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4217(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3765)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4156(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7547)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4216(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3067)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4036(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4366)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4215(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6565)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4158(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6641)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4214(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3297)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add180(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7081)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4148(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4968)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add181(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3392)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add184(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2228)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add185(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2476)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add182(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3894)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.removeExtension(FilenameUtils.java:1068)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7180(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2794)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add183(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2310)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add188(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3811)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add189(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2641)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1161)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalized(FilenameUtils.java:1122)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalized_literalMutationString1293(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1764)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add186(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2145)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add187(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3977)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1162)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalized(FilenameUtils.java:1122)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalized_literalMutationString1290(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1944)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5308(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3307)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.removeExtension(FilenameUtils.java:1068)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7186(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2108)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5309(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3697)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5306(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1999)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5307(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2997)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4202(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6488)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4201(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3842)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4200(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2373)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1161)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalized(FilenameUtils.java:1122)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalized_literalMutationString1287(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:774)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4209(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2835)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4208(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3531)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4207(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3453)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4206(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2065)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4145(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4517)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4205(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2219)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4146(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6867)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4204(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6411)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4147(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4667)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4203(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2296)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add170(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3727)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4139(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4592)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add173(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6914)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add174(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3226)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add171(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2808)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add172(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6748)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add177(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2975)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add178(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2393)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add175(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2558)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add176(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3475)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.removeExtension(FilenameUtils.java:1068)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7175(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2070)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add179(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6997)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.removeExtension(FilenameUtils.java:1068)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7168(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1480)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4170(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4442)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4173(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6792)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4056(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4066)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4177(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7245)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4179(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4216)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add162(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3643)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add163(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4145)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add160(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3309)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add161(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2891)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add166(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2725)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add167(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6831)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add164(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3559)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.removeExtension(FilenameUtils.java:1068)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7162(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1136)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add165(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4061)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add168(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6665)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add169(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3143)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4224(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3144)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5315(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2920)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4223(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2758)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5316(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2076)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4222(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2912)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5313(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3230)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4221(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6333)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5314(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2230)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4220(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2142)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5311(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2536)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5312(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6274)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4040(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6716)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5310(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2612)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4227(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3219)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4226(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6256)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4225(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2682)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5317(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3774)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5318(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2459)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString129(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5283)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString123(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4631)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString112(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4956)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString116(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7969)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString108(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7484)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:244)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testNormalizeUnixWin_literalMutationString4808(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:170)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString101(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7725)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.concat(FilenameUtils.java:505)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testConcat_literalMutationString684(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6338)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1051)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.concat(FilenameUtils.java:505)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testConcat_literalMutationString688(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3529)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:244)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testNormalizeUnixWin_literalMutationString4801(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:416)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1168)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.removeExtension(FilenameUtils.java:1068)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7223(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1841)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:898)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull201(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2061)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull200(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:910)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5319(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:549)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.removeExtension(FilenameUtils.java:1068)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7228(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3117)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull207(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:830)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull206(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:342)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull209(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1979)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull208(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:96)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull203(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:506)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull202(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:423)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull205(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1406)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull204(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:178)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.removeExtension(FilenameUtils.java:1068)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7216(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2220)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1161)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalizedOnSystem(FilenameUtils.java:1139)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalizedOnSystem_literalMutationString1606(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:826)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1162)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalizedOnSystem(FilenameUtils.java:1139)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalizedOnSystem_literalMutationString1609(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2022)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:976)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.removeExtension(FilenameUtils.java:1068)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7210(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2732)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4199(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3609)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.removeExtension(FilenameUtils.java:1068)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7204(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3005)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4198(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1987)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5289(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6586)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4197(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6179)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5288(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3463)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseNamenull4613(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:108)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseNamenull4611(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:160)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseNamenull4612(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:56)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseNamenull4610(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:82)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_add4972(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:270)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_add4971(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:350)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_add4970(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:298)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseNamenull4608(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:134)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseNamenull4609(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:212)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1161)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalizedOnSystem(FilenameUtils.java:1139)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalizedError_IO_128_literalMutationString5650_failAssert0(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:489)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
