6 amplified test fails on the new versions.
testGetFreeSpaceWindows_String_InvalidTextResponse_literalMutationString621_failAssert0(org.apache.commons.io.FileSystemUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetFreeSpaceWindows_String_EmptyResponse_literalMutationString1779_failAssert0(org.apache.commons.io.FileSystemUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetFreeSpaceWindows_String_EmptyMultiLineResponse_literalMutationString1615_failAssert0(org.apache.commons.io.FileSystemUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetFreeSpaceWindows_String_EmptyPath_literalMutationString1061(org.apache.commons.io.FileSystemUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetFreeSpaceWindows_String_NoSuchDirectoryResponse_literalMutationString1688_failAssert0(org.apache.commons.io.FileSystemUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetFreeSpaceWindows_String_ParseCommaFormatBytes_literalMutationString383(org.apache.commons.io.FileSystemUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use itjava.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:244)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FileSystemUtils.freeSpaceWindows(FileSystemUtils.java:289)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FileSystemUtilsTestCase.testGetFreeSpaceWindows_String_InvalidTextResponse_literalMutationString621_failAssert0(FileSystemUtilsTestCase.java:86)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:244)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FileSystemUtils.freeSpaceWindows(FileSystemUtils.java:289)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FileSystemUtilsTestCase.testGetFreeSpaceWindows_String_EmptyResponse_literalMutationString1779_failAssert0(FileSystemUtilsTestCase.java:221)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:244)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FileSystemUtils.freeSpaceWindows(FileSystemUtils.java:289)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FileSystemUtilsTestCase.testGetFreeSpaceWindows_String_EmptyMultiLineResponse_literalMutationString1615_failAssert0(FileSystemUtilsTestCase.java:149)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:244)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FileSystemUtils.freeSpaceWindows(FileSystemUtils.java:289)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FileSystemUtilsTestCase.testGetFreeSpaceWindows_String_EmptyPath_literalMutationString1061(FileSystemUtilsTestCase.java:581)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:244)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FileSystemUtils.freeSpaceWindows(FileSystemUtils.java:289)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FileSystemUtilsTestCase.testGetFreeSpaceWindows_String_NoSuchDirectoryResponse_literalMutationString1688_failAssert0(FileSystemUtilsTestCase.java:232)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:244)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FileSystemUtils.freeSpaceWindows(FileSystemUtils.java:289)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FileSystemUtilsTestCase.testGetFreeSpaceWindows_String_ParseCommaFormatBytes_literalMutationString383(FileSystemUtilsTestCase.java:88)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)

454 amplified test fails on the new versions.
testGetName_add4969(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5208(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_add4968(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_add4967(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5200(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString82(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5202(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEqualsNormalizedOnSystem_literalMutationString1635(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_add4966(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString83(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_add4965(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5205(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString85(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString76(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString79(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testNormalizeUnixWin_literalMutationString4786(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4254(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5345(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4253(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5346(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5298(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testConcat_literalMutationString837(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEqualsNormalizedOnSystem_literalMutationString1641(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4255(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5299(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4250(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5296(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5297(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString71(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4252(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5294(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4251(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5295(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5292(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEqualsNormalizedOnSystem_literalMutationString1647(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5293(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5290(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5291(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testNormalizeUnixWin_literalMutationString4793(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5341(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5342(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5343(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5344(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5340(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4247(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4590(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5338(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4246(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5339(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEqualsNormalizedOnSystem_literalMutationString1611(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4249(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4248(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4243(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4594(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5334(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4242(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5335(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4245(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4592(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5336(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4244(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4591(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5337(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEqualsNormalizedOnSystem_literalMutationString1617(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4598(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4597(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4241(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4240(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4595(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testConcat_literalMutationString720(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_add4603(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString98(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_add4604(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_add4605(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_add4606(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5330(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5331(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5332(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5333(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4239(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_add4600(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_add4601(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_add4602(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4236(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5327(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4235(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5328(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4238(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5329(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEqualsNormalizedOnSystem_literalMutationString1623(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4237(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4232(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5323(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4231(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5324(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4234(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5325(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4233(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5326(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEqualsNormalizedOnSystem_literalMutationString1629(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4230(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString94(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString96(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString88(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString87(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5320(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5321(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5322(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4229(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4228(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4572(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4571(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4570(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4576(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4963(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5243(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4575(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4964(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5244(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4574(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5245(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4573(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5125(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5246(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4579(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4960(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testNormalizeNoEndSeparatorUnixWin_literalMutationString536(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4578(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4961(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5128(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4577(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testNormalizeNoEndSeparatorUnixWin_literalMutationString543(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4956(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4957(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4958(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testNormalize(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4583(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4582(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4581(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4580(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4587(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4952(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4586(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4953(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4585(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4954(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4584(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4955(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4589(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4950(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4588(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4951(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4949(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString151(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4945(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString152(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4946(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4947(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4948(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5231(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5229(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEqualsNormalizedOnSystem_literalMutationString1654(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4941(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5221(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4942(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString142(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4943(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4944(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4558(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4557(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5226(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4940(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4938(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4939(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4559(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString140(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4934(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString141(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4935(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4936(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4937(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString1(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4561(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4560(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString133(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString9(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4565(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4930(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4564(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4931(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5211(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4563(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4932(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString132(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString8(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4562(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4933(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4569(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEqualsNormalizedError_IO_128_literalMutationString5655_failAssert0(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4568(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testConcat_literalMutationString894(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4567(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4566(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4929(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString130(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5167(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5168(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5160(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5161(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEqualsNormalizedError_IO_128_literalMutationString5649_failAssert0(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5164(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull199(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull198(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull195(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull194(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull197(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull196(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5155(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5158(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4100(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5270(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5150(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5151(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5152(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull191(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull193(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull192(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5265(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4130(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4135(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4136(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testNormalizeNoEndSeparatorUnixWin_literalMutationString523(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4126(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString12(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5140(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5261(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5263(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEquals_fullControl_literalMutationString3824(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4120(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4122(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4124(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5139(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4116(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add190(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testNormalizeNoEndSeparatorUnixWin_literalMutationString530(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7191(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetNamenull4972(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5253(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetNamenull4973(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetNamenull4974(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetNamenull4975(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetNamenull4976(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7197(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEqualsNormalized_literalMutationString1333(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEquals_fullControl_literalMutationString3811(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString40(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEquals_fullControl_literalMutationString3818(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString42(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString34(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString36(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEqualsNormalized_literalMutationString1321(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEqualsNormalized_literalMutationString1329(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEquals_fullControl_literalMutationString3805(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5194(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString26(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString25(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5196(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5188(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEqualsNormalized_literalMutationString1315(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString63(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5182(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5177(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEqualsNormalized_literalMutationString1309(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString53(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEqualsNormalized_literalMutationString1304(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString43(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5171(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4190(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4072(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4194(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4076(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4180(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4182(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4062(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4183(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4067(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4068(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4091(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4093(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4095(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4098(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEquals_fullControl_literalMutationString3793(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEquals_fullControl_literalMutationString3798(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull210(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull212(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull211(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4080(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull218(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull217(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull219(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull214(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull213(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull216(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull215(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEquals_fullControl_literalMutationString3785(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4213(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5304(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4212(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5305(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4211(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5302(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4210(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5303(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEqualsNormalized_literalMutationString1298(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5300(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5301(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4152(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4219(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEquals_fullControl_literalMutationString3779(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4154(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4218(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4217(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4216(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4157(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4215(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4214(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add180(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add181(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4149(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add184(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add185(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add182(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add183(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add188(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add189(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add186(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add187(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEqualsNormalized_literalMutationString1291(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7185(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5308(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5309(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5306(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5307(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4202(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7179(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4201(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEqualsNormalized_literalMutationString1289(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4200(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEqualsNormalized_literalMutationString1285(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4141(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4209(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4142(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4208(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4207(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4144(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4206(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4145(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4205(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4204(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4203(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add170(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4138(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add173(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add174(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add171(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add172(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add177(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add178(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add175(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7173(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add176(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add179(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7168(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4050(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4177(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4179(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add162(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add163(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add160(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add161(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add166(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add167(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7161(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add164(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add165(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add168(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add169(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4224(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5315(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4223(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5316(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4222(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5313(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4221(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5314(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4220(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5311(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5312(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4040(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5310(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4226(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4225(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4038(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5317(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString120(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testConcat_literalMutationString786(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString125(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString117(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString115(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString105(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testNormalizeUnixWin_literalMutationString4800(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testNormalizeUnixWin_literalMutationString4807(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testConcat_literalMutationString696(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull201(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4227(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5318(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull200(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5319(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7227(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull207(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull206(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull209(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull208(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull203(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull202(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull205(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull204(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7221(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7215(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEqualsNormalizedOnSystem_literalMutationString1608(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEqualsNormalizedOnSystem_literalMutationString1605(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7203(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4199(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4198(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5289(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4197(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4196(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5287(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5288(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7209(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseNamenull4611(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseNamenull4612(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseNamenull4610(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_add4971(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_add4970(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseNamenull4608(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseNamenull4609(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseNamenull4607(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_add4599(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use itjava.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_add4969(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:324)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5208(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7349)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_add4968(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:298)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_add4967(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:272)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5200(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4084)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString82(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5914)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5202(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7573)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1161)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalizedOnSystem(FilenameUtils.java:1139)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalizedOnSystem_literalMutationString1635(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2028)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_add4966(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:220)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString83(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7882)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_add4965(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:350)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5205(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7648)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString85(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7801)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString76(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5834)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString79(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5268)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:244)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testNormalizeUnixWin_literalMutationString4786(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:314)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4254(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:775)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5345(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1699)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4253(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:548)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5346(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1010)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5298(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6592)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.concat(FilenameUtils.java:503)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testConcat_literalMutationString837(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6516)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1162)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalizedOnSystem(FilenameUtils.java:1139)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalizedOnSystem_literalMutationString1641(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1378)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4255(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1004)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5299(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6204)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4250(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5956)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5296(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2932)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5297(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2622)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString71(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4950)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4252(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6107)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5294(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3240)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4251(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1081)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5295(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2082)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5292(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3857)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1161)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalizedOnSystem(FilenameUtils.java:1139)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalizedOnSystem_literalMutationString1647(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:730)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5293(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2855)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5290(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6360)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5291(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3703)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:244)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testNormalizeUnixWin_literalMutationString4793(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:135)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5341(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1316)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5342(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:627)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5343(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1622)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5344(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1851)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5340(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:933)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4247(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:245)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4590(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:808)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5338(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:169)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4246(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5805)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5339(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:781)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1161)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalizedOnSystem(FilenameUtils.java:1139)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalizedOnSystem_literalMutationString1611(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1842)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4249(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:169)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4248(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1682)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4243(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1307)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4594(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:574)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5334(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1927)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4242(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:93)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5335(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5974)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4245(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:928)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4592(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1198)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5336(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1241)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4244(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:320)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4591(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1354)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5337(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:244)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1162)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalizedOnSystem(FilenameUtils.java:1139)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalizedOnSystem_literalMutationString1617(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1244)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4598(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1042)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4597(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:938)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4241(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1532)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4240(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1457)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4595(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:522)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.concat(FilenameUtils.java:503)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testConcat_literalMutationString720(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6698)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_add4603(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:414)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString98(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5507)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_add4604(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:240)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_add4605(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:269)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_add4606(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:296)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5330(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1165)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5331(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:857)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5332(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:475)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5333(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1469)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4239(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1909)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_add4600(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:327)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_add4601(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:356)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_add4602(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:443)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4236(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:624)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5327(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:705)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4235(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1607)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5328(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6126)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4238(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6031)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5329(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:399)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1161)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalizedOnSystem(FilenameUtils.java:1139)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalizedOnSystem_literalMutationString1623(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1428)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4237(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:472)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4232(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:396)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5323(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1087)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4231(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:852)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5324(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6049)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4234(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:699)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5325(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:321)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4233(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1758)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5326(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1393)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1162)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalizedOnSystem(FilenameUtils.java:1139)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalizedOnSystem_literalMutationString1629(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:752)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4230(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1833)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString94(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4628)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString96(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5673)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString88(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5108)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString87(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7235)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5320(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5899)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5321(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:550)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5322(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1545)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4229(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1157)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4228(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1232)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4572(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:548)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4571(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1534)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4570(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1216)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4576(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1374)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4963(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:903)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5243(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5068)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4575(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:730)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4964(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:489)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5244(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7274)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4574(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1250)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5245(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5673)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4573(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1094)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5125(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6745)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5246(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6668)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4579(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:990)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4960(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:880)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalizeNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:338)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testNormalizeNoEndSeparatorUnixWin_literalMutationString536(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:180)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4578(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1328)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4961(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1179)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5128(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7198)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4577(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:860)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalizeNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:338)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testNormalizeNoEndSeparatorUnixWin_literalMutationString543(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4956(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1110)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4957(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:834)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4958(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:673)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testNormalize(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:333)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4583(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:496)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4582(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:700)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4581(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1458)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4580(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1406)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4587(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:886)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4952(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:443)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4586(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:626)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4953(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:765)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4585(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:912)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4954(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1154)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4584(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:964)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4955(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:535)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4589(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:470)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4950(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1041)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4588(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:598)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4951(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:627)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4949(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:811)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString151(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:8125)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4945(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:374)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString152(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4790)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4946(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:581)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4947(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1064)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4948(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:600)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5231(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4537)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5229(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4235)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1162)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalizedOnSystem(FilenameUtils.java:1139)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalizedOnSystem_literalMutationString1654(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1146)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4941(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:466)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5221(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5145)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4942(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:943)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString142(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7561)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4943(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1087)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4944(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:696)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4558(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1276)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4557(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1509)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5226(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4839)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4940(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:788)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4938(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1018)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4939(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:719)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4559(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:640)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString140(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7640)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4934(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:558)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString141(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5028)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4935(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:857)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4936(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:397)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4937(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:412)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString1(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4871)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4561(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:782)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4560(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1120)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString133(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5427)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString9(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7480)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4565(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1422)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4930(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:916)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4564(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:678)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4931(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:512)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5211(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4160)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4563(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1172)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4932(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1133)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString132(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4384)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString8(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5189)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4562(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:834)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4933(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:742)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4569(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:756)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1162)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalizedOnSystem(FilenameUtils.java:1139)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalizedError_IO_128_literalMutationString5655_failAssert0(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:761)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4568(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1068)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.concat(FilenameUtils.java:503)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testConcat_literalMutationString894(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4736)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4567(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1016)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4566(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1484)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4929(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:995)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString130(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7963)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5167(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5749)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5168(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6821)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5160(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4612)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5161(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5596)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1161)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalizedOnSystem(FilenameUtils.java:1139)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalizedError_IO_128_literalMutationString5649_failAssert0(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:489)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5164(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6971)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull199(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:96)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull198(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1412)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull195(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6242)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull194(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1166)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull197(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6324)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull196(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:510)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5155(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4311)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5158(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6896)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4100(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7251)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5270(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7047)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5150(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4915)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5151(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5221)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5152(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5520)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull191(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2058)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull193(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1974)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull192(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:343)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5265(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4007)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4130(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4445)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4135(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5506)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4136(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7100)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalizeNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:338)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testNormalizeNoEndSeparatorUnixWin_literalMutationString523(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:326)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4126(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5730)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString12(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7720)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5140(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4462)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5261(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4992)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5263(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4688)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1162)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEquals_fullControl_literalMutationString3824(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:760)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4120(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6649)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4122(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4368)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4124(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4523)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5139(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7123)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4116(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4143)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add190(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3720)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalizeNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:338)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testNormalizeNoEndSeparatorUnixWin_literalMutationString530(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:371)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.removeExtension(FilenameUtils.java:1068)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7191(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1559)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetNamenull4972(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:146)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5253(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4764)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetNamenull4973(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:169)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetNamenull4974(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:54)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetNamenull4975(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:100)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetNamenull4976(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:77)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.removeExtension(FilenameUtils.java:1068)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7197(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2556)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1162)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalized(FilenameUtils.java:1122)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalized_literalMutationString1333(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:860)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1162)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEquals_fullControl_literalMutationString3811(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:436)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString40(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5755)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1161)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEquals_fullControl_literalMutationString3818(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:578)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString42(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5348)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString34(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6076)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString36(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7154)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1162)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalized(FilenameUtils.java:1122)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalized_literalMutationString1321(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1950)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1161)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalized(FilenameUtils.java:1122)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalized_literalMutationString1329(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:600)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1161)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEquals_fullControl_literalMutationString3805(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:324)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5194(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7498)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString26(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7316)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString25(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:8044)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5196(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5445)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5188(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4387)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1161)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalized(FilenameUtils.java:1122)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalized_literalMutationString1315(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1456)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString63(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:8206)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5182(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5371)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5177(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7423)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1162)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalized(FilenameUtils.java:1122)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalized_literalMutationString1309(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1246)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString53(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4546)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1161)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalized(FilenameUtils.java:1122)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalized_literalMutationString1304(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1012)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString43(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4222)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5171(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5296)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4190(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4599)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4072(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4899)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4194(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4293)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4076(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4218)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1143)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4180(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3992)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4182(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7632)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4062(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5355)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4183(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5204)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4067(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5128)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4068(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5431)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4091(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7176)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4093(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7023)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4095(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4974)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4098(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5656)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1161)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEquals_fullControl_literalMutationString3793(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:266)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1162)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEquals_fullControl_literalMutationString3798(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:770)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull210(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1808)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull212(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:999)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull211(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:426)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4080(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6798)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull218(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:753)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull217(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:590)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull219(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6571)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull214(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1082)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull213(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1249)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull216(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1728)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull215(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1890)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1162)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEquals_fullControl_literalMutationString3785(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:460)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4213(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2526)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5304(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2468)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4212(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3066)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5305(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3780)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4211(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2372)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5302(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3086)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4210(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3532)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5303(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2160)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1162)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalized(FilenameUtils.java:1122)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalized_literalMutationString1298(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5300(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6282)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5301(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3626)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4152(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4674)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4219(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3763)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1161)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEquals_fullControl_literalMutationString3779(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:558)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4154(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7403)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4218(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3839)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4217(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3610)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4216(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3298)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4157(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7326)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4215(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2062)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4214(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2910)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add180(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3140)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add181(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3389)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4149(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3915)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add184(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2141)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add185(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2889)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add182(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6821)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add183(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2725)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add188(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3890)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add189(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2476)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add186(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6738)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add187(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2560)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1161)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalized(FilenameUtils.java:1122)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalized_literalMutationString1291(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1920)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.removeExtension(FilenameUtils.java:1068)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7185(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1764)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5308(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6438)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5309(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3393)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5306(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3470)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5307(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2314)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4202(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2295)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.removeExtension(FilenameUtils.java:1068)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7179(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2212)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4201(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2603)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1162)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalized(FilenameUtils.java:1122)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalized_literalMutationString1289(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1398)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4200(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1985)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1161)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalized(FilenameUtils.java:1122)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalized_literalMutationString1285(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1476)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4141(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7556)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4209(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2218)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4142(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4749)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4208(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2140)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4207(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3376)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4144(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4824)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4206(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6263)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4145(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6723)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4205(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3454)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4204(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6417)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4203(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6573)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add170(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3974)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4138(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4068)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add173(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2643)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add174(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3223)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add171(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4057)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add172(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3555)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add177(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2972)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add178(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2392)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add175(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2807)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.removeExtension(FilenameUtils.java:1068)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7173(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1864)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add176(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2224)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add179(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7072)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.removeExtension(FilenameUtils.java:1068)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7168(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:934)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4050(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6948)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4177(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6873)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4179(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7480)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add162(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3056)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add163(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6904)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add160(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3306)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add161(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3638)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add166(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3472)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add167(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6654)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.removeExtension(FilenameUtils.java:1068)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7161(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1894)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add164(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6988)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add165(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4140)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add168(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3806)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add169(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2308)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4224(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2679)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5315(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2545)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4223(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2833)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5316(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6515)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4222(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3143)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5313(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2237)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4221(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6340)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5314(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3009)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4220(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2988)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5311(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3548)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5312(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3163)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4040(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5051)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5310(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2391)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4226(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2448)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4225(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3687)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4038(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5279)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5317(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3316)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString120(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7398)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.concat(FilenameUtils.java:505)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testConcat_literalMutationString786(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4376)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString125(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4304)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString117(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6158)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString115(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4464)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1051)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString105(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5589)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:244)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testNormalizeUnixWin_literalMutationString4800(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:170)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:244)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testNormalizeUnixWin_literalMutationString4807(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:204)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1168)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.concat(FilenameUtils.java:505)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testConcat_literalMutationString696(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4561)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:898)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull201(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:835)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4227(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1382)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5318(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1775)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull200(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1331)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5319(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5824)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.removeExtension(FilenameUtils.java:1068)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7227(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1396)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull207(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1650)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull206(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1491)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull209(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:260)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull208(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1571)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull203(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6489)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull202(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:671)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull205(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:178)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull204(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6406)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.removeExtension(FilenameUtils.java:1068)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7221(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1429)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.removeExtension(FilenameUtils.java:1068)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7215(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1119)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1162)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalizedOnSystem(FilenameUtils.java:1139)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalizedOnSystem_literalMutationString1608(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1996)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1161)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalizedOnSystem(FilenameUtils.java:1139)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalizedOnSystem_literalMutationString1605(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1866)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:976)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.removeExtension(FilenameUtils.java:1068)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7203(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3276)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4199(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2756)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4198(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6495)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5289(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2004)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4197(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3220)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4196(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6185)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5287(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2700)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5288(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2778)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.removeExtension(FilenameUtils.java:1068)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7209(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2937)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseNamenull4611(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:56)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseNamenull4612(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:108)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseNamenull4610(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:134)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_add4971(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:192)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_add4970(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:246)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseNamenull4608(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:186)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseNamenull4609(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:160)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseNamenull4607(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:212)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_add4599(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:385)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
