6 amplified test fails on the new versions.
testGetFreeSpaceWindows_String_InvalidTextResponse_literalMutationString621_failAssert0(org.apache.commons.io.FileSystemUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetFreeSpaceWindows_String_EmptyResponse_literalMutationString1779_failAssert0(org.apache.commons.io.FileSystemUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetFreeSpaceWindows_String_EmptyMultiLineResponse_literalMutationString1614_failAssert0(org.apache.commons.io.FileSystemUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetFreeSpaceWindows_String_EmptyPath_literalMutationString1061(org.apache.commons.io.FileSystemUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetFreeSpaceWindows_String_NoSuchDirectoryResponse_literalMutationString1688_failAssert0(org.apache.commons.io.FileSystemUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetFreeSpaceWindows_String_ParseCommaFormatBytes_literalMutationString383(org.apache.commons.io.FileSystemUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use itjava.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:244)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FileSystemUtils.freeSpaceWindows(FileSystemUtils.java:289)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FileSystemUtilsTestCase.testGetFreeSpaceWindows_String_InvalidTextResponse_literalMutationString621_failAssert0(FileSystemUtilsTestCase.java:124)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:244)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FileSystemUtils.freeSpaceWindows(FileSystemUtils.java:289)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FileSystemUtilsTestCase.testGetFreeSpaceWindows_String_EmptyResponse_literalMutationString1779_failAssert0(FileSystemUtilsTestCase.java:137)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:244)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FileSystemUtils.freeSpaceWindows(FileSystemUtils.java:289)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FileSystemUtilsTestCase.testGetFreeSpaceWindows_String_EmptyMultiLineResponse_literalMutationString1614_failAssert0(FileSystemUtilsTestCase.java:137)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:244)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FileSystemUtils.freeSpaceWindows(FileSystemUtils.java:289)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FileSystemUtilsTestCase.testGetFreeSpaceWindows_String_EmptyPath_literalMutationString1061(FileSystemUtilsTestCase.java:561)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:244)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FileSystemUtils.freeSpaceWindows(FileSystemUtils.java:289)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FileSystemUtilsTestCase.testGetFreeSpaceWindows_String_NoSuchDirectoryResponse_literalMutationString1688_failAssert0(FileSystemUtilsTestCase.java:388)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:244)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FileSystemUtils.freeSpaceWindows(FileSystemUtils.java:289)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FileSystemUtilsTestCase.testGetFreeSpaceWindows_String_ParseCommaFormatBytes_literalMutationString383(FileSystemUtilsTestCase.java:557)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)

459 amplified test fails on the new versions.
testEqualsNormalizedOnSystem_literalMutationString1631(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_add4969(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_add4968(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_add4967(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString82(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEqualsNormalizedOnSystem_literalMutationString1637(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5205(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString85(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testNormalizeUnixWin_literalMutationString4788(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4257(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEqualsNormalizedOnSystem_literalMutationString1644(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4254(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5345(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4253(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5346(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testConcat_literalMutationString715(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4256(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5347(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5298(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4255(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5348(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5299(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4250(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5296(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5297(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4252(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5294(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4251(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5295(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5292(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5293(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5290(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5291(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testNormalizeUnixWin_literalMutationString4795(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5341(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5342(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5343(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5344(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5340(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4247(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4590(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5338(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEqualsNormalizedOnSystem_literalMutationString1610(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4246(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5339(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4249(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4248(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4243(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4594(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5334(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4242(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4593(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5335(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4245(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4592(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5336(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4244(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4591(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5337(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4598(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4241(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4596(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4240(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEqualsNormalizedOnSystem_literalMutationString1613(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4599(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString99(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_add4603(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_add4604(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_add4605(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_add4606(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_add4607(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_add4608(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5330(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5331(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5332(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5333(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4239(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_add4601(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_add4602(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEqualsNormalizedOnSystem_literalMutationString1620(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4236(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5327(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4235(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5328(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4238(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5329(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4237(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4232(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5323(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4231(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5324(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4234(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5325(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4233(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5326(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4230(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString92(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testConcat_literalMutationString732(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEqualsNormalizedOnSystem_literalMutationString1625(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5320(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5321(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathnull5322(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4229(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testConcat_literalMutationString744(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4572(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4571(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4570(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4576(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5243(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4575(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4964(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5244(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4574(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4965(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4573(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4966(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5246(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4579(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4960(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5127(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testNormalizeNoEndSeparatorUnixWin_literalMutationString536(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4578(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5249(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4577(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4962(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testNormalizeNoEndSeparatorUnixWin_literalMutationString544(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4956(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4957(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4958(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4959(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testNormalize(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testConcat_literalMutationString756(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4583(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4582(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4581(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4580(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4587(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4952(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4586(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4953(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString153(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4585(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4954(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4584(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4955(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5237(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString157(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4589(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4950(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4588(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4951(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4949(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4945(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4946(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4947(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5230(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4948(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5231(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testConcat_literalMutationString768(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEqualsNormalizedOnSystem_literalMutationString1650(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4941(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4942(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString142(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4943(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString143(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4944(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString148(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEqualsNormalizedOnSystem_literalMutationString1657(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString149(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5227(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4940(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4938(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4939(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4559(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4934(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4935(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4936(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4937(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5220(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEqualsNormalizedError_IO_128_literalMutationString5657_failAssert0(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4561(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString6(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4560(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString133(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4565(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString134(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4564(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4931(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4563(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4932(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4562(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_literalMutationString4933(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5213(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString137(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testConcat_literalMutationString775(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4569(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4568(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5215(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString135(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4567(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5216(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString136(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4566(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEqualsNormalizedError_IO_128_literalMutationString5651_failAssert0(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5168(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5169(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4114(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4105(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5160(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5281(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull199(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull198(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull195(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull194(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull197(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull196(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5276(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5150(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5152(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5153(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull191(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull193(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull192(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4130(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4131(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testNormalizeNoEndSeparatorUnixWin_literalMutationString522(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4127(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4129(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5260(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString15(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5142(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5143(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString19(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString18(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testNormalizeNoEndSeparatorUnixWin_literalMutationString529(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5135(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5256(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5136(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEquals_fullControl_literalMutationString3826(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add190(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEquals_fullControl_literalMutationString3820(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4119(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5251(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5131(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetNamenull4974(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7194(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetNamenull4975(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetNamenull4976(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetNamenull4977(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetNamenull4978(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7199(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEqualsNormalized_literalMutationString1335(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEquals_fullControl_literalMutationString3813(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString40(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString33(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString35(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString39(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEqualsNormalized_literalMutationString1323(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5199(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEquals_fullControl_literalMutationString3800(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEqualsNormalized_literalMutationString1329(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEquals_fullControl_literalMutationString3807(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5193(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5196(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString28(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5197(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString27(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testConcat_literalMutationString801(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEqualsNormalized_literalMutationString1312(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5188(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEqualsNormalized_literalMutationString1317(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5180(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString56(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5178(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5179(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEqualsNormalized_literalMutationString1307(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString52(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_literalMutationString5171(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString48(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString49(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4191(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4192(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4074(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4196(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4182(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4064(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4186(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4188(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4068(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4091(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4092(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4095(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4098(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEquals_fullControl_literalMutationString3794(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull210(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull212(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull211(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull218(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull217(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull219(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull214(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull213(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull216(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull215(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEquals_fullControl_literalMutationString3781(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEquals_fullControl_literalMutationString3787(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4213(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5304(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4212(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5305(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4211(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5302(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEqualsNormalized_literalMutationString1299(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4210(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5303(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5300(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5301(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4219(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4218(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4217(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4216(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4157(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4215(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4214(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add180(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4148(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add181(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add184(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add185(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add182(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add183(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7181(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add188(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEqualsNormalized_literalMutationString1294(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add189(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add186(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add187(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEqualsNormalized_literalMutationString1290(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5308(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5309(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5306(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7188(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5307(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4202(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4201(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4200(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEqualsNormalized_literalMutationString1287(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4209(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4208(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4207(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4206(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4145(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4205(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4204(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4203(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4137(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add170(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4139(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add173(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add174(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add171(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add172(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7170(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add177(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add178(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add175(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add176(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7175(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add179(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4170(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4050(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4054(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4055(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4178(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4058(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4179(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add162(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add163(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add160(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add161(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add166(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add167(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add164(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add165(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7163(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add168(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_add169(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4224(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5315(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4223(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5316(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4222(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5313(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4221(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5314(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4220(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5311(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5312(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4160(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4161(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5310(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4041(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4163(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4164(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4228(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4227(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4047(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4226(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4048(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4225(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5319(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5317(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5318(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString129(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString110(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString108(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testNormalizeUnixWin_literalMutationString4809(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString100(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString101(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString104(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString105(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString102(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix_literalMutationString103(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testNormalizeUnixWin_literalMutationString4803(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7223(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefix(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull201(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull200(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7229(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull207(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull206(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull209(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull208(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull203(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull202(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull205(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPrefixnull204(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7217(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testEqualsNormalizedOnSystem_literalMutationString1607(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7211(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4199(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4198(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetPath_add5289(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7205(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseNamenull4613(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseNamenull4614(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseNamenull4611(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseNamenull4612(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseNamenull4610(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_add4973(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_add4972(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_add4971(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetName_add4970(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseNamenull4609(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4600(org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase): Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use itjava.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1162)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalizedOnSystem(FilenameUtils.java:1139)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalizedOnSystem_literalMutationString1631(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1116)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_add4969(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:220)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_add4968(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:272)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_add4967(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:298)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString82(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6161)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1161)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalizedOnSystem(FilenameUtils.java:1139)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalizedOnSystem_literalMutationString1637(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:858)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5205(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5665)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString85(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4622)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:244)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testNormalizeUnixWin_literalMutationString4788(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:276)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4257(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:323)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1162)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalizedOnSystem(FilenameUtils.java:1139)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalizedOnSystem_literalMutationString1644(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1404)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4254(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:475)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5345(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1009)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4253(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1456)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5346(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:323)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.concat(FilenameUtils.java:505)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testConcat_literalMutationString715(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6351)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4256(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5804)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5347(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1696)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5298(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2849)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4255(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1229)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5348(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1164)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5299(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2619)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4250(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5880)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5296(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2235)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5297(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3779)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4252(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:927)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5294(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2080)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4251(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:246)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5295(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2464)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5292(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3701)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5293(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2388)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5290(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3005)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5291(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2541)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:244)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testNormalizeUnixWin_literalMutationString4795(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:207)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5341(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1390)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5342(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1773)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5343(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1240)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5344(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5817)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5340(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:169)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4247(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:702)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4590(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1172)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5338(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5968)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1162)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalizedOnSystem(FilenameUtils.java:1139)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalizedOnSystem_literalMutationString1610(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:592)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4246(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5956)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5339(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6120)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4249(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:399)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4248(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:777)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4243(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1153)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4594(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:912)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5334(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:933)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4242(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1757)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4593(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1016)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5335(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:555)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4245(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6031)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4592(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1328)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5336(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1315)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4244(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1305)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4591(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1508)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5337(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1926)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4598(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:548)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4241(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1002)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4596(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:470)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4240(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:170)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1161)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalizedOnSystem(FilenameUtils.java:1139)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalizedOnSystem_literalMutationString1613(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:620)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4599(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1484)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString99(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:8051)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_add4603(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:298)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_add4604(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:356)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_add4605(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:385)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_add4606(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:443)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_add4607(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:269)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_add4608(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:412)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5330(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:479)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5331(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1087)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5332(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1544)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5333(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:630)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4239(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1532)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_add4601(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:240)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_add4602(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:327)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1162)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalizedOnSystem(FilenameUtils.java:1139)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalizedOnSystem_literalMutationString1620(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1504)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4236(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1380)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5327(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:246)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4235(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1607)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5328(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:401)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4238(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1832)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5329(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:707)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4237(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:551)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4232(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:626)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5323(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1466)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4231(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1682)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5324(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1850)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4234(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:94)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5325(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6044)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4233(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1908)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5326(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5893)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4230(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6106)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString92(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:8215)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.concat(FilenameUtils.java:505)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testConcat_literalMutationString732(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6285)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1161)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalizedOnSystem(FilenameUtils.java:1139)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalizedOnSystem_literalMutationString1625(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1948)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5320(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:783)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5321(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:858)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathnull5322(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1620)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparatornull4229(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:852)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.concat(FilenameUtils.java:505)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testConcat_literalMutationString744(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4699)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4572(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:670)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4571(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1406)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4570(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:574)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4576(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:990)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5243(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7640)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4575(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1146)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4964(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:466)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5244(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4235)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4574(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1068)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4965(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:512)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4573(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:938)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4966(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1110)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5246(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7187)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4579(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:808)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4960(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1179)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5127(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4160)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalizeNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:338)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testNormalizeNoEndSeparatorUnixWin_literalMutationString536(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:420)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4578(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:594)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5249(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7262)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4577(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1042)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4962(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:742)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalizeNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:338)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testNormalizeNoEndSeparatorUnixWin_literalMutationString544(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:360)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4956(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:786)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4957(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:604)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4958(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:765)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4959(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:581)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testNormalize(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:333)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.concat(FilenameUtils.java:505)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testConcat_literalMutationString756(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6907)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4583(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1536)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4582(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:886)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4581(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:964)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4580(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1302)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4587(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:496)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4952(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:972)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4586(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:652)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4953(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:558)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString153(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5352)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4585(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1276)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4954(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:811)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4584(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:856)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4955(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:627)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5237(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4458)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString157(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5756)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4589(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1458)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4950(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:374)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4588(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1120)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4951(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:669)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4949(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:696)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4945(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:857)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4946(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:834)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4947(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:719)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5230(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6888)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4948(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:420)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5231(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7112)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.concat(FilenameUtils.java:505)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testConcat_literalMutationString768(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3611)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1161)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalizedOnSystem(FilenameUtils.java:1139)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalizedOnSystem_literalMutationString1650(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1016)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4941(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1087)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4942(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1133)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString142(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4703)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4943(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:903)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString143(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4784)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4944(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:644)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString148(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5999)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1162)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalizedOnSystem(FilenameUtils.java:1139)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalizedOnSystem_literalMutationString1657(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:912)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString149(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4541)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5227(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6811)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4940(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1064)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4938(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:987)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4939(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:443)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4559(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:704)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4934(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1156)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4935(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:535)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4936(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1018)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4937(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:926)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5220(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4611)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1162)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalizedOnSystem(FilenameUtils.java:1139)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalizedError_IO_128_literalMutationString5657_failAssert0(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:591)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4561(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:834)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString6(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5918)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4560(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:510)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString133(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5676)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4565(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:730)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString134(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7318)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4564(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1380)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4931(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:397)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4563(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:782)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4932(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:479)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4562(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1354)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_literalMutationString4933(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1041)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5213(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5063)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString137(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4218)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.concat(FilenameUtils.java:505)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testConcat_literalMutationString775(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4091)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4569(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1250)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4568(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1198)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5215(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4764)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString135(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5272)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4567(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:756)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5216(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7487)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString136(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7479)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4566(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1214)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1161)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalizedOnSystem(FilenameUtils.java:1139)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalizedError_IO_128_literalMutationString5651_failAssert0(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:761)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5168(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5741)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5169(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4534)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4114(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7556)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4105(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4747)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5160(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4310)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5281(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5288)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull199(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:261)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull198(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1235)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull195(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1318)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull194(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:669)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull197(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1728)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull196(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:98)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5276(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6660)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5150(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4988)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5152(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7563)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5153(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5213)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull191(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2058)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull193(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6325)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull192(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1153)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4130(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4822)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4131(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5279)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalizeNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:338)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testNormalizeNoEndSeparatorUnixWin_literalMutationString522(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:302)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4127(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4220)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4129(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5126)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5260(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4084)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString15(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7889)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5142(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5363)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5143(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4914)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString19(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7158)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString18(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7239)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalizeNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:338)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testNormalizeNoEndSeparatorUnixWin_literalMutationString529(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:387)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5135(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5438)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5256(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4688)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5136(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7038)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1162)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEquals_fullControl_literalMutationString3826(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:592)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add190(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6738)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1161)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEquals_fullControl_literalMutationString3820(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:340)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4119(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5354)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5251(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5588)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5131(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4839)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetNamenull4974(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:146)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.removeExtension(FilenameUtils.java:1068)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7194(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2795)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetNamenull4975(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:77)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetNamenull4976(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:100)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetNamenull4977(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:123)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetNamenull4978(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:54)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.removeExtension(FilenameUtils.java:1068)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7199(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1594)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1162)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalized(FilenameUtils.java:1122)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalized_literalMutationString1335(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1900)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1162)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEquals_fullControl_literalMutationString3813(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:800)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString40(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4298)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString33(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5597)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString35(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4460)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString39(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4948)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1162)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalized(FilenameUtils.java:1122)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalized_literalMutationString1323(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:780)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5199(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3933)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1162)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEquals_fullControl_literalMutationString3800(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:238)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1161)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalized(FilenameUtils.java:1122)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalized_literalMutationString1329(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1120)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1161)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEquals_fullControl_literalMutationString3807(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:660)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5193(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4384)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5196(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7337)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString28(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5193)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5197(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6964)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString27(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5029)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.concat(FilenameUtils.java:499)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testConcat_literalMutationString801(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4847)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1162)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalized(FilenameUtils.java:1122)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalized_literalMutationString1312(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1090)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5188(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5138)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1161)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalized(FilenameUtils.java:1122)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalized_literalMutationString1317(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2080)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5180(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6736)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString56(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7399)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5178(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4008)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5179(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7412)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1161)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalized(FilenameUtils.java:1122)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalized_literalMutationString1307(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1142)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString52(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5111)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_literalMutationString5171(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5513)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString48(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7807)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString49(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5433)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4191(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4144)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4192(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7402)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4074(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7252)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4196(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7176)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1143)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4182(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4519)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4064(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4444)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4186(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6874)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4188(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5203)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4068(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6950)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4091(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7101)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4092(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5429)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4095(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5728)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4098(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7327)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1161)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEquals_fullControl_literalMutationString3794(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:644)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull210(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:180)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull212(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:504)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull211(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:421)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull218(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:586)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull217(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1071)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull219(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1564)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull214(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6491)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull213(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6408)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull216(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:749)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull215(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:830)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1161)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEquals_fullControl_literalMutationString3781(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:684)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1162)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEquals_fullControl_literalMutationString3787(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:768)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4213(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3146)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5304(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3237)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4212(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2606)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5305(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6353)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4211(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2992)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5302(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6275)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1162)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalized(FilenameUtils.java:1122)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalized_literalMutationString1299(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1556)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4210(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2760)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5303(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3623)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5300(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3857)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5301(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3159)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4219(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6261)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4218(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3686)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4217(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6493)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4216(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1986)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4157(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4671)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4215(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2064)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4214(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2914)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add180(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6824)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4148(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3915)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add181(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3309)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add184(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3891)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add185(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2891)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add182(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3725)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add183(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3973)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.removeExtension(FilenameUtils.java:1068)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7181(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1213)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add188(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2640)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1161)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalized(FilenameUtils.java:1122)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalized_literalMutationString1294(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1920)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add189(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2974)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add186(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4056)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add187(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3392)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1162)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalized(FilenameUtils.java:1122)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalized_literalMutationString1290(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:956)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5308(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2157)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5309(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3393)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5306(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2003)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.removeExtension(FilenameUtils.java:1068)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7188(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1110)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5307(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3315)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4202(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3223)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4201(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3530)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4200(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2296)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1161)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalized(FilenameUtils.java:1122)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalized_literalMutationString1287(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1710)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4209(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6339)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4208(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2528)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4207(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3376)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4206(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3608)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4145(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3990)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4205(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2142)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4204(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6570)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4203(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3299)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4137(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4594)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add170(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6656)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4139(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4897)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add173(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2557)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add174(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2475)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add171(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3559)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add172(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4139)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.removeExtension(FilenameUtils.java:1068)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7170(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3336)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add177(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3142)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add178(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2226)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add175(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2309)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add176(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3226)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.removeExtension(FilenameUtils.java:1068)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7175(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1726)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add179(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2808)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4170(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4067)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4050(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4972)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4054(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5503)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4055(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7025)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4178(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5653)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4058(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4294)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4179(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6798)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add162(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2392)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add163(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3058)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add160(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7076)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add161(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3642)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add166(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2142)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add167(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2724)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add164(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6908)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add165(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3476)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.removeExtension(FilenameUtils.java:1068)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7163(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2137)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add168(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3808)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_add169(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6992)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4224(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3841)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5315(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2772)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4223(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6416)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5316(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2312)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4222(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6183)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5313(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6507)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4221(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3069)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5314(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3470)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4220(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2451)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5311(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6430)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5312(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6584)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4160(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4369)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4161(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5578)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5310(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2927)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4041(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6645)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4163(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7478)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4164(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5048)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4228(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2682)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4227(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2219)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4047(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7632)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4226(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2837)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_literalMutationString4048(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6722)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4225(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3453)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5319(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2695)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5317(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3546)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5318(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3082)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString129(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:8133)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString110(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4866)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString108(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:4379)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:244)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testNormalizeUnixWin_literalMutationString4809(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:304)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString100(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7643)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString101(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7560)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1051)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString104(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7725)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString105(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6080)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString102(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:5515)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix_literalMutationString103(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:7970)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:244)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testNormalizeUnixWin_literalMutationString4803(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:198)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1168)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.removeExtension(FilenameUtils.java:1068)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7223(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2392)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefix(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:898)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull201(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:913)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull200(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1400)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.removeExtension(FilenameUtils.java:1068)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7229(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2600)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull207(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:340)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull206(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:993)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull209(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1975)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull208(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6573)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull203(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1893)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull202(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1810)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull205(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1646)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPrefix(FilenameUtils.java:775)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPrefixnull204(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1482)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.removeExtension(FilenameUtils.java:1068)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7217(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2254)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doNormalize(FilenameUtils.java:354)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.normalize(FilenameUtils.java:196)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equals(FilenameUtils.java:1161)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.equalsNormalizedOnSystem(FilenameUtils.java:1139)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testEqualsNormalizedOnSystem_literalMutationString1607(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1528)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:976)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.removeExtension(FilenameUtils.java:1068)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7211(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1427)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4199(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3764)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPathNoEndSeparator(FilenameUtils.java:831)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPathNoEndSeparator_add4198(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:2374)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.doGetPath(FilenameUtils.java:855)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getPath(FilenameUtils.java:803)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetPath_add5289(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:6197)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.removeExtension(FilenameUtils.java:1068)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testRemoveExtension_literalMutationString7205(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:3379)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseNamenull4613(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:134)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseNamenull4614(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:212)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseNamenull4611(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:82)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseNamenull4612(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:108)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseNamenull4610(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:56)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_add4973(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:244)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_add4972(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:194)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_add4971(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:350)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetName_add4970(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:324)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseNamenull4609(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:186)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Null byte present in file/path name. There are no known legitimate use cases for such data, but several injection attacks may use it
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.failIfNullBytePresent(FilenameUtils.java:988)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getName(FilenameUtils.java:973)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils.getBaseName(FilenameUtils.java:1013)
	at org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtilsTestCase.testGetBaseName_literalMutationString4600(FilenameUtilsTestCase.java:1094)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runTest(TestCase.java:176)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.runBare(TestCase.java:141)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:290)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:58)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:268)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:363)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.run(JUnit4Runner.java:63)
	at eu.stamp_project.testrunner.runner.JUnit4Runner.main(JUnit4Runner.java:27)
