======= REPORT =======
47 amplified test fails on the new versions.
testDatePattern_literalMutationString4null177_failAssert20(com.google.gson.DefaultDateTypeAdapterTest): testDatePattern_literalMutationString4null177 should have thrown NullPointerException
testDatePattern_literalMutationString1null138_failAssert6(com.google.gson.DefaultDateTypeAdapterTest): testDatePattern_literalMutationString1null138 should have thrown NullPointerException
testDatePatternnull11_failAssert2_add149(com.google.gson.DefaultDateTypeAdapterTest): testDatePatternnull11 should have thrown NullPointerException
testDateSerialization_add5136_add5165null5512_failAssert151(com.google.gson.DefaultDateTypeAdapterTest): testDateSerialization_add5136_add5165null5512 should have thrown NullPointerException
testDatePattern_add8null181_failAssert36(com.google.gson.DefaultDateTypeAdapterTest): testDatePattern_add8null181 should have thrown NullPointerException
testDateSerialization_add5135null5186_failAssert125(com.google.gson.DefaultDateTypeAdapterTest): testDateSerialization_add5135null5186 should have thrown NullPointerException
testDateSerialization_add5135_add5182null5362_failAssert154(com.google.gson.DefaultDateTypeAdapterTest): testDateSerialization_add5135_add5182null5362 should have thrown NullPointerException
testDatePattern_add8_add174null1596_failAssert88(com.google.gson.DefaultDateTypeAdapterTest): testDatePattern_add8_add174null1596 should have thrown NullPointerException
testDatePattern_literalMutationString3null141_failAssert15(com.google.gson.DefaultDateTypeAdapterTest): testDatePattern_literalMutationString3null141 should have thrown NullPointerException
testDateSerialization_add5135_add5177null5503_failAssert133(com.google.gson.DefaultDateTypeAdapterTest): testDateSerialization_add5135_add5177null5503 should have thrown NullPointerException
testDatePatternnull11_failAssert2_add140(com.google.gson.DefaultDateTypeAdapterTest): testDatePatternnull11 should have thrown NullPointerException
testDatePattern_add8_add172null1817_failAssert60(com.google.gson.DefaultDateTypeAdapterTest): testDatePattern_add8_add172null1817 should have thrown NullPointerException
testDateSerialization_add5134_add5180null5407_failAssert144(com.google.gson.DefaultDateTypeAdapterTest): testDateSerialization_add5134_add5180null5407 should have thrown NullPointerException
testDatePatternnull11_failAssert2_literalMutationString84(com.google.gson.DefaultDateTypeAdapterTest): testDatePatternnull11 should have thrown NullPointerException
testDatePattern_add8_add170null827_failAssert79(com.google.gson.DefaultDateTypeAdapterTest): testDatePattern_add8_add170null827 should have thrown NullPointerException
testDatePattern_add8_add170null841_failAssert80(com.google.gson.DefaultDateTypeAdapterTest): testDatePattern_add8_add170null841 should have thrown NullPointerException
testDateSerialization_add5135_add5172null5529_failAssert135(com.google.gson.DefaultDateTypeAdapterTest): testDateSerialization_add5135_add5172null5529 should have thrown NullPointerException
testDateSerialization_add5134null5190_failAssert123_add5387(com.google.gson.DefaultDateTypeAdapterTest): testDateSerialization_add5134null5190 should have thrown NullPointerException
testDateSerialization_add5134null5190_failAssert123_add5367(com.google.gson.DefaultDateTypeAdapterTest): testDateSerialization_add5134null5190 should have thrown NullPointerException
testDateSerialization_add5134null5190_failAssert123_add5400(com.google.gson.DefaultDateTypeAdapterTest): testDateSerialization_add5134null5190 should have thrown NullPointerException
testDatePattern_add9null142_failAssert42(com.google.gson.DefaultDateTypeAdapterTest): testDatePattern_add9null142 should have thrown NullPointerException
testDateSerialization_add5134null5190_failAssert123(com.google.gson.DefaultDateTypeAdapterTest): testDateSerialization_add5134null5190 should have thrown NullPointerException
testDatePatternnull11_failAssert2(com.google.gson.DefaultDateTypeAdapterTest): testDatePatternnull11 should have thrown NullPointerException
testDatePattern_add7_add119null1189_failAssert73(com.google.gson.DefaultDateTypeAdapterTest): testDatePattern_add7_add119null1189 should have thrown NullPointerException
testDatePatternnull11_failAssert2_add156(com.google.gson.DefaultDateTypeAdapterTest): testDatePatternnull11 should have thrown NullPointerException
testDatePattern_add7_add119null1166_failAssert74(com.google.gson.DefaultDateTypeAdapterTest): testDatePattern_add7_add119null1166 should have thrown NullPointerException
testDatePattern_add7null153_failAssert30(com.google.gson.DefaultDateTypeAdapterTest): testDatePattern_add7null153 should have thrown NullPointerException
testDateSerialization_add5134null5189_failAssert122(com.google.gson.DefaultDateTypeAdapterTest): testDateSerialization_add5134null5189 should have thrown NullPointerException
testDatePatternnull11_failAssert2_add136(com.google.gson.DefaultDateTypeAdapterTest): testDatePatternnull11 should have thrown NullPointerException
testDateSerialization_add5135_add5167null5389_failAssert140(com.google.gson.DefaultDateTypeAdapterTest): testDateSerialization_add5135_add5167null5389 should have thrown NullPointerException
testDateSerializationnull5137_failAssert120(com.google.gson.DefaultDateTypeAdapterTest): testDateSerializationnull5137 should have thrown NullPointerException
testDateSerialization_add5135_add5174null5526_failAssert157(com.google.gson.DefaultDateTypeAdapterTest): testDateSerialization_add5135_add5174null5526 should have thrown NullPointerException
testDatePattern_add9_add113null861_failAssert95(com.google.gson.DefaultDateTypeAdapterTest): testDatePattern_add9_add113null861 should have thrown NullPointerException
testDatePatternnull11_failAssert2_literalMutationString111(com.google.gson.DefaultDateTypeAdapterTest): testDatePatternnull11 should have thrown NullPointerException
testDatePattern_literalMutationString1_literalMutationString86null1962_failAssert101(com.google.gson.DefaultDateTypeAdapterTest): testDatePattern_literalMutationString1_literalMutationString86null1962 should have thrown NullPointerException
testDatePattern_add7null158_failAssert31(com.google.gson.DefaultDateTypeAdapterTest): testDatePattern_add7null158 should have thrown NullPointerException
testDatePatternnull11_failAssert2_literalMutationString73(com.google.gson.DefaultDateTypeAdapterTest): testDatePatternnull11 should have thrown NullPointerException
testDateSerialization_add5134null5190_failAssert123_add5408(com.google.gson.DefaultDateTypeAdapterTest): testDateSerialization_add5134null5190 should have thrown NullPointerException
testDatePattern_add8_add178null1103_failAssert86(com.google.gson.DefaultDateTypeAdapterTest): testDatePattern_add8_add178null1103 should have thrown NullPointerException
testDatePatternnull11_failAssert2_literalMutationString99(com.google.gson.DefaultDateTypeAdapterTest): testDatePatternnull11 should have thrown NullPointerException
testDateSerialization_add5135_add5167null5399_failAssert139(com.google.gson.DefaultDateTypeAdapterTest): testDateSerialization_add5135_add5167null5399 should have thrown NullPointerException
testDatePattern_add8_add175null1736_failAssert58(com.google.gson.DefaultDateTypeAdapterTest): testDatePattern_add8_add175null1736 should have thrown NullPointerException
testDatePattern_literalMutationString5null122_failAssert26(com.google.gson.DefaultDateTypeAdapterTest): testDatePattern_literalMutationString5null122 should have thrown NullPointerException
testDateSerialization_add5134null5190_failAssert123_add5377(com.google.gson.DefaultDateTypeAdapterTest): testDateSerialization_add5134null5190 should have thrown NullPointerException
testDateSerialization_add5136null5178_failAssert128(com.google.gson.DefaultDateTypeAdapterTest): testDateSerialization_add5136null5178 should have thrown NullPointerException
testDatePattern_literalMutationString2null110_failAssert10(com.google.gson.DefaultDateTypeAdapterTest): testDatePattern_literalMutationString2null110 should have thrown NullPointerException
testDateSerialization_add5134_add5180null5415_failAssert145(com.google.gson.DefaultDateTypeAdapterTest): testDateSerialization_add5134_add5180null5415 should have thrown NullPointerException
